status_message
Beautiful evening in Wisconsin- THANK YOU for your incredible support tonight! Everyone get out on November 8th - and VOTE! LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
"The State Department's quid pro quo scheme proves how CORRUPT our system is. Attempting to protect Crooked Hillary
"Crooked Hillary's State Department colluded with the FBI and the DOJ in a DISGRACEFUL quid pro quo exchange where her staff promised FBI agents more overseas positions if the FBI would alter emails that were classified. This is COLLUSION at its core and Crooked Hillary's super PAC


"JournoCash: Media gives $382
"Exclusive: ""O'Keefe Video Sting Exposes 'Bird-Dogging' — Democrats' Effort to Incite Violence at Trump Rallies"""
Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!
"Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate
We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).
"As Secretary of State
"ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY
"Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County
FBI Source- Majority Of Staff On Clinton Case Wanted Her Prosecuted:
We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!
American Worker Forced to Train Foreign Replacement Reveals How Hillary Clinton Betrayed Him'
The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD!
"Election is being rigged by the media
"The Press Buries Hillary Clinton's Sins
 they miss new details on Clinton's rotten record."
Leaked emails reveal Hillary Clinton's life of deceit:
Seven more Hillary Clinton scandals exposed by WikiLeaks:
"Thank you Bangor
"The MOVEMENT in Portsmouth
Truth is a beautiful weapon.
"Join Me Live In Portsmouth
Executive privilege to hide #POTUS emails on Clinton server?
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election!
"THANK YOU TRUMP WOMENS TOUR! 

"This election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges
"Thank you Charlotte
"Watch DJT Live From Charlotte
Thank you Franklin Graham!
"I vaguely remember Ms. Zervos as one of the many contestants on The Apprentice over the years. To be clear

 the media is now creating a theater of absurdity that threatens to tear our democratic process apart and poison the minds of the American public. When Gloria Allred is given the same weighting on national television as the President of the United States

 but I refuse to fall victim to this vicious cycle of personal attacks. In the coming days I plan on addressing our nation in a more personal way to present my vision for how together we fight to bring back American jobs and defend our country against radical Islamic terrorism. I will take my message directly to the American people and bypass the unethical press that wants to see their candidate elected. Together


Four of the juiciest leaked Podesta emails:
More Than 1 Million in Obamacare to Lose Plans as Insurers Quit:
"Thank you for your support Greensboro
"Catholic bishop blasts Clinton over emails
This speaks volumes about the RIGGED mainstream media:
"Hillary Clinton allies pondered polling in 2008 about Obama's cocaine use
Thank you Ivanka!
"It is time to reject the smallness and pettiness of Washington
WHAT THEY ARE SAYING ABOUT THE CLINTON CAMPAIGN'S ANTI-CATHOLIC BIGOTRY:
First on CNN: Religious leaders slam Clinton campaign over emails:
"Unbelievable evening in Cincinnati
"I have said on numerous occasions that in a Trump Administration

Jerusalem is the enduring capital of the Jewish People and the overwhelming majority of Congress has voted to recognize Jerusalem as just that. 

 the decision by the Obama Administration to strike the word 'Israel' after the word 'Jerusalem' in the President's prepared text was a capitulation to Israel's enemies

 Israel will have a true



Democratic Governor of Minnesota just announced that the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) is no longer affordable. I've been saying this for years- disaster!

"The corrupt establishment knows that we are a great threat to their criminal enterprise. We will NOT let them decide our future – YOU
"This is a struggle for the survival of OUR nation
"THANK YOU West Palm Beach
"Thank you to our U.S. Navy for protecting our country
"The MOVEMENT in Lakeland
The people of Cuba have struggled too long. Will reverse Obama's Executive Orders and concessions towards Cuba until freedoms are restored.
"Join me in Ocala
"Hillary Clinton is CORRUPT! Crooked only cares about power
Crooked Hillary Clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn't she do them?
"JOIN ME FOR A FEW MINUTES IN PANAMA CITY BEACH
"I would like to wish everyone who is observing the solemn and holy day of Yom Kippur an inspirational day of reflection. We hope that everyone's prayers are answered and that we all have a year of peace

"Great morning in San Antonio
THANK YOU TEXAS --- AND THANK YOU TO OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS. #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
Wow. Unbelievable.
"DON'T LET HER FOOL US AGAIN.

"Despite winning the second debate in a landslide (every poll)
"The mainstream media (MSM) are trying to rig this election in order to advance their liberal
"Thank you Pennsylvania. This is a MOVEMENT like we have never seen before! Get out and VOTE on 11/8/16- together
"A big thank you to these incredible women for their support! I have the BEST supporters and believe me
"Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family
Just arrived in Pennsylvania!
"Debate polls look great - THANK YOU
"Paul Ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget
Thank you Rudy! -DJT
Frank Luntz: Tonight Was So Significant That Trump 'Is Back in This Race'
"Thank you St. Louis
All of the moderator interruptions--it was 3 vs 1! https://www.donaldjtrump.com/content-center/entry/heres-video-of-every-time-the-moderators-interrupted-donald-trump/
Even the Rigged Mainstream Media Says Donald Trump Won The Debate. Here's The Proof.
Donald Trump's Top 5 Moments from the Presidential Debate
Thank you Mark Levin!
"""It's a good thing Trump isn't in charge of the law in this country."" -Hillary Clinton

 because you'd be in jail."" -Donald Trump"
"Once again
I will be a President for ALL! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
#CrookedHillary wants to KILL the coal companies! We must PROTECT our coal companies!
"#CrookedHillary wants to ""change the balance on the Supreme Court."" 2nd Amendment supporters know what that means..."
"#CrookedHillary has been a Washington
We cannot afford four more years of these FAILED policies!
"#CrookedHillary is going to RAISE taxes
History lesson: #CrookedHillary blames her two-faced stance on Wall Street on — get this — Abraham Lincoln!
"History lesson: There's a big difference between Hillary Clinton and Abraham Lincoln. For one
"I hope when the MSM runs its ""interruption counters"" they consider the number of times the moderators interrupted me compared to #CrookedHillary!"
I stand for ALL Americans and we will #MakeAmericaSafeAgain and defeat radical Islamic terrorism!
There has never been so many lies and so much deception. A special prosecutor will look into #CrookedHillary!
Because #CrookedHillary would be in JAIL!
If I win- I am going to instruct my AG to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there's never been anything like your lies.
I am running for YOU. I am running to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain because AMERICANS have had ENOUGH!
"Unlike #CrookedHillary
TIME TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My plan begins at home. I will #MakeAmericaSafeAgain!
I AM WITH YOU!
"I am ready to fight for YOU
Join Newt Gingrich via Facebook Live! -DJT
"Join me in St. Louis
"The Palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing Israeli citizens. In a split second today

 the late Israeli president and prime minister

Our thoughts and prayers go out to the survivors and the families of the victims. We must work to defeat terror once and for all. I wish everyone in Israel and the Jewish community around the world a meaningful Yom Kippur and peace. 


Clinton News Network Telegraphs Its Anti-Trump Strategy for Tonight's Rigged Presidential Debate:
In the debate hall - at Washington University in St. Louis - doing a walk thru with my team -- and the Presidential Debate Commission. Thank you for all of your support! -DJT
"EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: BROADDRICK
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down!
"Departing New York City for St. Louis now. Your support has been amazing - thank you. TOGETHER
EXCLUSIVE — Video Interview: Bill Clinton Accuser Juanita Broaddrick Relives Brutal Rapes:
"Tremendous support (except for some Republican ""leadership""). Thank you."
Thank you to my amazing supporters outside of Trump Tower this afternoon. #ImWithYou


"The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly -  I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE
"Here is my statement.

 nor pretended to be someone that I'm not.  I've said and done things I regret

 it was wrong

 laid off workers whose jobs have gone to other countries
 we are less safe than we were 8 years ago and Washington is broken.
 and her kind

 but there is a big difference between words and actions. Bill Clinton has actually abused women and Hillary has bullied


"My team and I continue to have our thoughts & prayers with everyone effected by Hurricane Matthew. Check in on your family
The spirit is amazing --- thank you to this homeowner in Florida for their support.
"Crooked's performance as Secretary of State was even worse than Tim Kaine's performance in the debate! No more ""DREAM DEALS"" for our enemies. Believe me -- we WILL be TOUGH. #BigLeagueTruth"
"#FlashbackFriday
Flashback: Kaine squirms when asked if he'd endorse Hillary Clinton
"This is an incredible MOVEMENT - On November 8th
"Thoughts & prayers with the millions of people in the path of Hurricane Matthew. Look out for neighbors
"We're going to have a country that makes products again...these great companies are going to make their products in OUR country.

"If it weren't for our GREAT VETERANS---- we wouldn't be here right now!!

"My son Eric & his wife Lara campaigning up in Maine - to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you Eric
My son Donald Trump Jr. campaigning in OHIO! Thank you Don -- and OHIO!!
VOTE #TrumpPence16 on 11/8/16!
"Ivanka out in Ohio today! I am so grateful for my families support -- in wanting to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"Thank you Missouri - my team just shared with me!
LETS MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Timeline Photos
"Wow – my #BigLeagueTruth team did an incredible job spreading the TRUTH about Crooked Hillary on Tuesday! We only have 3 DAYS until the next debate. Sign up for #BigLeagueTruth so we can fact check Hillary and take down the rigged system! bigleaguetruth.com. 


"I want to see America PROSPEROUS again – that means tax cuts for working families
Nation's Immigration And Customs Enforcement Officers (ICE) Make First-Ever Presidential Endorsement:
WE have taken the lead in Virginia! Thank you for your unbelievable support. This is OUR last chance - to take back our country -- and MAKE IT SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
"25

 public
"NEW Pennsylvania poll out - - thank you! See you on Monday for two rallies
"Amazing rally in Reno
"NOW IN RENO
"Great round table discussion with Hispanic business owners this afternoon in Las Vegas
Small business says Trump is their pick for president'
"Bill Clinton is right: Obamacare is 'crazy'
"Unbelievable! Join me in NEVADA with the MOVEMENT! Nobody has ever seen anything like this before. Get out and VOTE on November 8th for #TrumpPence16! WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN
"WOW! 11
The constant interruptions last night by Tim Kaine should not have been allowed. Mike Pence won big!
"How can Hillary lead this country when she has such a low opinion of its citizens? As president
Enough said! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #BigLeagueTruth
There's a reason why people question the TRUSTWORTHINESS of Hillary Clinton and that's because they're paying attention! CROOKED Hillary is shady!
Mike Pence won big. We should all be proud of Mike!
"Together we will WIN and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Very proud of my running mate and our next Vice President
This is Crooked Hillary at her finest! Our future Vice President Mike Pence speaks the TRUTH about the shady Clinton Foundation!
"Tim Kaine and Hillary Clinton have some things in common! Just like Clinton
I am PROUD to have Mike Pence as my running mate! He balanced his budget and finished his term with $2 billion in the bank. What has Tim Kaine done?!
"I stand for ALL AMERICANS! Deplorables
We need new leadership and a STRONG American president!
i AGREE! Police officers and other law enforcement officers are the BEST OF US!
ISIS is no weaker than it was a year ago. What strategy?! Hillary Clinton would be more of the same! We need a change! I will #MakeAmericaSafeAgain!
Law enforcement is a force for GOOD! They bring communities together and keep us safe. We must respect and stand by them!
Tim Kaine has NO single achievement to point to. What has he done?
Tim Kaine was the FIRST governor in modern history to leave office with LESS revenue than what he inherited in Virginia. What a JOKE!
This is the perfect match--a match made in CORRUPTION!
Mike Pence will show everyone that we are ready to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Here we go!
"Tonight's debate will be a stark contrast between our campaign of BIG ideas and BOLD solutions for tomorrow
"Wow
"Thank you ARIZONA! This is a MOVEMENT like nobody has ever seen before. Together
I will be watching the great Governor Mike Pence and live tweeting the VP debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! Enjoy!
"My childcare plan allows for every family in America to deduct childcare expenses from their income taxes -- MORE money in your pockets
"Outstanding meeting with 20 energy executives in Denver
"Islamic Immigrant Charged With Terror Plot in Hyattsville
#WomenForTrump bus tour in Florida this week -- THANK YOU!! -DJT
THANK YOU for a fabulous evening COLORADO! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN --- TOGETHER! -DJT
"Thank you Colorado! This is a MOVEMENT like NEVER seen before. It is imperative that you ALL get out and VOTE #TrumpPence16 on November 8
"""I'M FOR DONALD....{HILLARY} IS NOT THE ONE TO CHANGE THIS NATION.""
Timeline Photos
"Thank you Pueblo
"This is a MOVEMENT ~ like NEVER seen before. Together
Timeline Photos
"We can't trust the DISHONEST media! We must bring the truth directly to the hard-working Americans who want to take our country back.

Help us bring the TRUTH by joining my #BigLeagueTruth Team! We're going to fact check Crooked Hillary -- BIG TIME!


www.ClintonKaine.com
"If I have the honor of becoming the 45th President of the United States of America - I can assure you
Donald Trump will make our economy great again'
"An honor to be in Virginia this morning - speaking with retired members of our United States Military. If I become President - I will NOT let them down -- and I will NOT let you
Hillary's Temperament: Wrong for President
CROOKED HILLARY = ALL TALK ~ NO ACTION!
"Melania and I extend our warmest greetings to those observing Rosh Hashanah here in the United States
Wondering if you're one of Hillary Clinton's #BasementDwellers or #Deplorables? EASY: #FollowTheMoney
"Together
"Clinton & her cronies will say anything
"DID YOU KNOW?
Timeline Photos
"Crooked H is nasty to Sanders supporters behind closed doors. Owned by Wall St and Politicians
CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON - EMAIL COVER UP?
Trump: Clinton Would Put the Oval Office Up For Sale:
"Hillary Clinton is an unreconstructed elitist who disdains her fellow Americans. She notoriously told Barbra Streisand and a room full of rich
What are they hiding?
UNBELIEVABLE MICHIGAN! I want to thank you for your support tonight -- the energy was absolutely incredible. If you all get out to vote on 11/8/2016 --- there is no question we will WIN MICHIGAN! I love this country - and I love you all. Thank you!
"I believe in America First and that means FAMILY FIRST! My childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-class families -- 100% deductible childcare expenses
"State of the race: 7 swing states
"Donald Trump is ready to lead.'
Mike Pence: Donald Trump is ready to lead
"Crooked Hillary has put her own self-interest ahead of everyday Americans for 30 YEARS and she wonders why she isn't 50 points ahead -- Unbelievable! You can't lie about 33
I Was RFK's Speechwriter. Now I'm Voting for Trump. Here's Why.
"Anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying ""sources said
The people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the Dallas & Arizona papers & now USA Today will lose readers! The people get it! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Why is it that all the things American people want- never seem to happen?
"The special interests love Hillary Clinton because they have TOTAL control. Remember -- #FollowTheMoney! As president
"Many years ago
"A beautiful afternoon in New Hampshire - where it all began! Thank you for your amazing support. LETS WIN this November - get out and VOTE!

**REMARKS AS PREPARED FOR DELIVERY**

 the state where we had our first victory in this incredible journey.

 independent and you are free.

 and we are going to win this state

 the lobbyists

 trillions in new wealth for our communities

 your family

We are going to end the Clinton Corruption and restore dignity and honesty to government service.

Hillary Clinton is an insider fighting only for herself and for her donors.

I am an outsider fighting for you.

Everything you need to know about Hillary Clinton can be understood with this simple but very important phrase: Follow The Money.

The large corporations who support terrible trade deals that offshore jobs – they are donating to Hillary Clinton.

Follow the money.

The Wall Street investors who have rigged the regulations against the middle class – they are donating to Hillary Clinton.

Follow the money.

The wealthy donors who want to shut down American energy – they are donating to Hillary Clinton.

Follow the money.

The special interests who want open borders are donating to Hillary Clinton.

 just follow the money.

 Hillary Clinton has received $100 million dollars in contributions from Wall Street and the hedge funds.

She and Bill were paid $150 million for speeches since Bill left the Oval Office.

The same groups paying Bill and Hillary for their speeches were lobbying the federal government.

Twenty-two groups paying Bill Clinton for speeches lobbied the State Department while Hillary was Secretary of State.

Favors and access were granted to those who wrote checks.

 she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.

000 emails after a Congressional subpoena. 13 phones missing

 do anything

 decades

The Clintons are the sordid past.

We are the bright future.

 the Clinton campaign focuses only on small and petty distractions.

This will be the year the American people say: Enough is enough.

 but especially for African-American communities. I don't think African-Americans are going to come out and vote for Clinton – they are too smart

 that have no intention of doing anything for them once the election is over.

A Trump Administration will bring prosperity to all of our people.

 jobs

 and we are going to lower the business rate from 35% to 15% -- making America into a magnet for new jobs.

 along with every illegal executive order.

 and we are going to put that wealth into the pockets of the American people.

 and disadvantaged children will be allowed to attend the school of their choice.

The catastrophe known as Obamacare will be repealed and replaced.

 like NAFTA

 and supported by Hillary Clinton – and your state has lost 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since it was approved. You've lost 1 in 4 since China entered the World Trade Organization – another Bill and Hillary-backed deal.

 if she gets the chance

 its jobs

I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States of America.

 it's going to be America First.

Have you ever wondered why it is that all things that the American people want never seem to happen?

 fair trade deals

All the things you've ever wanted for your country have been denied.

The reason for this is simple. It's because the financial interests who control our politics and our media don't want these changes to happen.

These special interests control Hillary Clinton. She is their chosen representative.

 and has never done anything for you and your family.

 to protect her donors and collect their money.

 big media and big donors – we're taking them on for YOU. So you can have the future you want.

That includes keeping your family safe.

 and that it's the largest single-year increase in 45 years.

000 people have been shot in Chicago since January.

The failed politicians and the arrogant media don't want me to talk about the crime and the violence that is happening in our country. They just want me to go along with the status quo.

 I have news for the people trying to silence me

We will never back down from fighting to save American lives.

That also means keeping our nation safe from Radical Islamic Terrorism. Hillary Clinton can't even say the words.

 our politicians have tragically failed this country and its people.

I am going to stop the drugs from pouring across our border – that is a promise.

The people getting rich off the rigged system are the people throwing their money at Hillary Clinton.

 D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors

They're all part of the same corrupt political establishment. And they nod along when Hillary Clinton slanders you as deplorable and irredeemable.

I call you hardworking American Patriots and together we are going to save this country.

 we can accomplish anything we want.

But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th.

 you have to lift your voice

You have 40 days until the election. You have 40 days to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true.

Do Not Let This Chance Slip Away.

 woman and child in this nation.

 D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.

 we are going to show the whole world that America is Back – Bigger and Better and Stronger than ever before.

Here is just some of the great things that will happen for your country:

We are going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare; make childcare more affordable; bring back our manufacturing jobs; keep Radical Islamic terrorists out of our country; save the 2ndamendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

 bridges

 American planes will soar in the skies

American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.

 harvested from American sources

We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.

I will fight for every neglected part of this nation – and I will fight to bring us all together as Americans.

 under One God

 and to embrace a new

 we will have a government of

We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.

 and God Bless!"
My condolences to those involved in today's horrible accident in NJ and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders.
"The problem with Crooked Hillary's appeal? 'It's all me
Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street – BIG TIME! All part of the rigged system being run at YOUR expense. It's time to end the Clinton Corruption and do what is right for the American people! #FollowTheMoney
"FOLLOW THE MONEY

**REMARKS AS PREPARED FOR DELIVERY** 

Thank you. It's so great to be in Wisconsin tonight.

 and we were just in Iowa where we are up by 10 in the Reuters poll – and a new post-debate Google poll has us leading Hillary Clinton by 2 points nationwide

 we are going to win this state and we are going to win the White House.

 the American people.

We are going to end the Clinton Corruption and restore dignity and honesty to government service.

Hillary Clinton is an insider who fights only for her donors and for herself.

I am an outsider fighting for you.

 Sheriff Clarke

 and that it's the largest single-year increase in 45 years.

000 people have been shot in Chicago since January.

Homicides are up nearly 50% in Washington D.C. and more than 60% in Baltimore.

 for cities of all sizes

This is a national crisis.

 my opponent

 in our debate this week

 she is the one who described young African-American men as ""super-predators.""

How can Hillary Clinton try to lead this country when she has such a low opinion of its citizens?

 deplorables and irredeemables?

 decent Americans she has rendered herself unfit to be President.

 of all backgrounds

The police officers she attacks are the same people – of all colors and nationalities – who race into danger every day to save the lives of complete strangers.

Those fostering the dangerous anti-police atmosphere in this country share directly in the blame for the violence and chaos that threatens our most vulnerable citizens.

 but those who will benefit most are African-American and Hispanic-American citizens living in high crime communities. We are going to save thousands of lives.

 the arrogant media

 I have news for the people trying to silence me and trying to silence all of us.

I will never back down from fighting to save American lives.

I will never back down from fighting to save America's inner cities.

The only people Hillary Clinton ever fights for are the special interests who write her checks. Follow The Money.

 but especially for African-American communities. I don't think African-Americans are going to come out and vote for Clinton – they are too smart

 that have no intention of doing anything for them once the election is over.

58% of African-American youth don't have jobs. There is another shooting in Chicago every 2 hours. 45% of African-American children under the age of six are living in poverty.

The inner cities have been left behind.

 public education is a disaster

I will fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you before.

Everything you need to know about Hillary Clinton can be understood with this simple phrase: Follow The Money.

The large corporations who support terrible trade deals that offshore jobs – they are donating to Hillary Clinton.

Follow The Money.

The Wall Street investors who have rigged the regulations against the middle class – they are donating to Hillary Clinton.

Follow The Money.

The wealthy donors who want to shut down American energy – they are donating to Hillary Clinton.

Follow The Money.

 for cheap labor

Follow The Money.

 do anything

 Hillary Clinton has received $100 million dollars in contributions from Wall Street and the hedge funds.

She received $4.1 million in speaking fees from financial firms.

She and Bill received a total of $150 million in speaking fees from special interests since Bill left office. It's all part of the rigged system being run at your expense.

The same groups paying Bill and Hillary for their speeches were lobbying the federal government.

Twenty-two groups paying Bill Clinton for speeches lobbied the State Department while Hillary was Secretary of State.

And don't forget the Clinton contributors were appointed to advisory boards by Secretary Clinton – or all the favors and access granted to those who provided funds. She even gave up 20% of America's uranium supply to Russia.

 she'd put the Oval Office up for sale too.

000 emails after a Congressional subpoena. 13 phones missing

 decades

This will be the year the American people say: Enough is enough.

 its jobs

I am not running to be President of the World. I am running to be President of the United States of America.

 it's going to be America First.

 to protect her donors and collect their money.

 and has never done anything for you and your family. She's failed at everything. She failed in Iraq

000 jobs

She failed the inner cities.

She's failed women and children.

The only people Hillary Clinton has ever delivered for are her donors.

 big media and big donors – we're taking them on for YOU. So you can have the future you want.

 and no one else. I WILL FIGHT FOR YOU.

 jobs

 reduce regulations

 and a great job.

The people getting rich off the rigged system are the people throwing their money at Hillary Clinton.

Follow the Money.

 D.C. We're trying to disrupt the collusion between the wealthy donors

 they attend the same conferences

 and around the world

That's what I want to do for our country – I want to go into every neighborhood and unlock their potential for all of our people.

 we can accomplish anything we want.

But that means you need to show up and vote on November 8th – and it means you need to start voting early. Early voting is already underway.

 you have to lift your voice

You have six weeks until the election. You have six weeks to make every dream you ever dreamed for your country come true.

 woman and child in this nation.

 for your city

 D.C. will soon come face to face with the righteous verdict of the American voter.

 we are going to show the whole world that America is Back – Bigger and Better and Stronger than Ever Before.

Here is just some of what will happen starting in January of 2017:

I am going to lower your taxes; eliminate every unnecessary regulation; repeal and replace Obamacare; unleash American energy; end illegal immigration; keep Radical Islamic terrorists out of our country; save the 2nd amendment; support the men and women of law enforcement; and appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will uphold and defend the Constitution of the United States.

 bridges

 American planes will soar in the skies

American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.

 harvested from American sources

We will put new American steel into the spine of this country.

I will fight for every neglected part of this nation – and I will fight to bring us all together as Americans.

 under One God

 and to embrace a new

 we will have a government of

We Will Make America Wealthy Again.

We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

And We Will Make America Great Again.

 and God Bless!"
JOIN THE MOVEMENT! Check out Wisconsin!!  THANK YOU!!
"Watch the rally LIVE in Waukesha
"Unbelievable rally in Council Bluffs
"Hillary Clinton put the office of Secretary of State up for sale – and if she ever got the chance
Thank you! I LOVE MY SUPPORTERS! I LOVE THIS COUNTRY! This is a MOVEMENT like they have NEVER seen before. Join us - it's time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
"Melania and I extend our deepest condolences to the family of Shimon Peres on the passing of their beloved father

 Shimon Peres was a visible and highly effective patriarch to another

 Shimon Peres personified dignity and grace in a region of the world where both run far too short. May he rest in peace.


"For 30 years -- 30 YEARS -- Hillary Clinton hasn't fixed anything. In fact
"An honor to be at the Polish National Alliance in Chicago
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thanks for sharing Donald Trump Jr.!
"Thank you

"Donald J. Trump for President
"Unbelievable evening in Melbourne
"CNBC
"A great honor to meet with Hispanic community leaders in Little Havana ~ Miami
"Greatly honored to have your support - the MOVEMENT is massive. Beginning in January 2017 -- together
Timeline Photos
How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'
Another national poll via CNBC - shows THE MOVEMENT with a MASSIVE WIN last night. Thank you America - I love you! -DJT
"Good morning America! A great evening last night
"Tonight's debate ignored key facts that matter most to the American people.

We must bring the truth directly to the hard-working Americans who want to take our country back.

Bring The Truth Directly to Hard-Working Americans
Thank you Senator Ted Cruz!

Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on #Benghazi. #Debates2016 #MAGA
The destructive and dangerous Obama-Clinton foreign policy decisions have done nothing but make our country much more vulnerable to terrorist attacks by ISIS. We MUST have a solid plan to defeat ISIS and end its reign of terror. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain!
We spent $6 trillion in the Middle East. We could have rebuilt our country twice!
We spent $6 trillion in the Middle East. We could have rebuilt our country twice!
"ICYMI: TRUMP: ""OUR COUNTRY IS SUFFERING BECAUSE"" OF PEOPLE LIKE CLINTON

Trump On The Stakes In The Election
"Hillary Clinton was for TPP before she was against it! She even called it the ""gold standard"" of trade agreements!"
HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT!
What is Hillary hiding in her emails??
Hillary Clinton and Obama policies increased debt by $9 trillion over the last 8 years.
Trump Plan To Create 25 Million New Jobs. #Debates2016
Thank you - I am honored! -DJT
"***Message from Eric Trump***
 I'll be giving him a list of supporters who made a contribution just before the big debate.
 

"Donald J. Trump for President
"How is Hillary so oblivious? It's pretty simple to see why she isn't 50 points ahead – she called millions of people deplorable

"Complete shift in Nate Silver's 538 - Electoral map!
Timeline Photos
"The choice in November is a choice between a Clinton agenda that puts donors first - or a new agenda that puts AMERICA FIRST!
Timeline Photos
"Good morning America! BIG DAY ahead. Great news - as WE take the lead in the Bloomberg national poll. Thank you for your support! Together
Timeline Photos
"Really sad news: The great Arnold Palmer
"A Trump administration will be a true friend to Israel. Jerusalem is Israel's capital
Trump gets it right on Jerusalem
"Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS
We are going to change our immigration system to reflect American values! -DJT
"To all Gold Star Mothers
"READOUT OF DONALD J. TRUMP'S MEETING WITH ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN NETANYAHU

 NY - Donald J. Trump met privately today with Prime Minister Netanyahu for over an hour at Mr. Trump's residence in Trump Tower. The two have known each other for many years and had the opportunity to discuss many topics important to both countries.

 security and regional stability were addressed. Mr. Trump agreed that the military assistance provided to Israel and missile defense cooperation with Israel are an excellent investment for America. Mr. Trump said that under a Trump administration

 the battle against ISIS and many other regional security concerns.

 Mr. Trump noted Israel's emergence as a world leader in cyber defense and security and its cooperation with the United States in this regard.

 but that peace will only come when the Palestinians renounce hatred and violence and accept Israel as a Jewish State.

 Mr. Trump acknowledged that Jerusalem has been the eternal capital of the Jewish People for over 3000 years

Timeline Photos
Thank you! I love you too! -DJT
"Thank you for the great 'TRUMP' welcoming
"Good morning America! The MOVEMENT continues! Thank you ALABAMA - remember how important it is - for all of you to get out & VOTE on November 8
"Beautiful evening in Roanoke
"Thank you Roanoke
Thank you Lou Dobbs - heading to Virginia now - for a 6pmE rally. Time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
"If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row
Thank you for your support! -DJT
Thank you Louisiana!
Thank you Georgia - LETS WIN!
Wow! Lets WIN ARKANSAS!!
"I am greatly honored by the endorsement of Senator Cruz. We have fought the battle and he was a tough and brilliant opponent. I look forward to working with him for many years to come in order to make America great again.

"#Repost Ivanka Trump #Instagram
•••••••••••••••••••••••••
Timeline Photos
SHARE & LIKE ~ if you agree!
HOW TRUMP WOULD STIMULATE THE U.S. ECONOMY'
Thank you Iowa! Lets WIN!!
We have 46 days...thank you for your incredible support!
"Look at these numbers -- TREMENDOUS! I've said it from the start
Becoming the nominee of the party of Abraham Lincoln has been the greatest honor of my life.
"It used to be cars were made in Flint
"Thank you for sharing Senator Deb Fischer. Spoke with Ivanka regarding your discussions on policies to help working families. This means a lot to Ivanka and I - and I am grateful for you all spearheading this initiative with other leaders. Thank you!
Deb Fischer
"GREAT NEW POLLS! WE ARE A MOVEMENT - I AM YOUR VOICE - I love this country - and want to MAKE IT GREAT AGAIN
"Thank you Toledo
"The most fundamental duty of government is to protect American lives. The Obama-Clinton administration has failed to protect our people. As President
"Retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn
I have such incredible supporters. So many people have downloaded my new America First app and they tell me it's MUCH better than Hillary's - getting TREMENDOUS reviews. Download and enjoy! http://donaldjtrump.com/app
"Thank you Kenansville
Unbelievable - North Carolina! Thank you for the unbelievable turnout at High Point University. It is time to bring JOBS back to the United States of America! We will bring JOBS back! I AM WITH YOU - WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Just landed in Greensboro
Timeline Photos
"Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again
"Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS
"TOGETHER
WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN....
AND WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Daniel Scavino Jr.
This is a MASSIVE - BEAUTIFUL MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! I am in this to WIN IT & work for YOU!
Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton 'Blew The Police Off'
"Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State
Good morning America! Great way to start the day - against Crooked Hillary Clinton! 6.5%+ lead nationally - thank you! -DJT
"We MUST preserve our American heritage -- from Second Amendment rights to bringing jobs back to our country to enforcing immigration laws -- the current rigged system has weakened everything America stands for! This November
We do not need 4 more years of Obama thru Crooked. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 'VOTE TRUMP' on 11/8/2016!
"I was told to not bother with Colorado. I was told we had no chance. We had another beautiful rally in Colorado last night - and now these new poll numbers --- THANK YOU!!!
Timeline Photos
"Yesterday - I went to Houston
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the United States Air Force!
Timeline Photos
"An unbelievable rally in Colorado Springs
Poor leadership has stifled the American people's potential. I want an America that's strong & free! -DJT
Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!
Great poll - thank you America! I will not let you down! -DJT
"""Donald Trump's birther event is the greatest trick he's ever pulled"""

"Heading to Houston
"An incredible evening in MIAMI
In Miami now - for a beautiful rally! Join me for a couple of minutes - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"We will MAKE OUR ECONOMY GREAT AGAIN- Hillary Clinton cannot do it. Thank you for all of your support
"I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from these military leaders -- American heroes -- who have defended our freedoms. THANK YOU for your service and sacrifice
"THANK YOU for your service and sacrifice
Exactly as I have been saying all along. Look at the U.S. Median Household Income. We are going backwards. NOT in a Trump Administration. I GUARANTEE IT!!
"So much love & unity at our rallies - like tonight in New Hampshire! THANK YOU for the wonderful support & a great evening
Will be on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon with Jimmy Fallon at 11:35pmE. tonight! Join us- I think you will enjoy. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
"Instead of driving jobs and wealth away
LOVE IT - THANK YOU!
"Today - I outlined a plan for American economic revival - it is bold
"TRANSCRIPT OF ECONOMIC SPEECH - DELIVERED TO THE ECONOMIC CLUB OF NEW YORK

Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you.

 I'm going to outline a plan for American economic revival – it is a bold

 and it will tap into the incredible unrealized potential of our workers and their dreams.

 92 million Americans are on the sidelines

 where I just visited. The jobs have stripped from this community

 the cars are made in Mexico and you can't drink the water in Flint.

 that our jobs will keep leaving

 and that all that's left to do is divide up and redistribute our shrinking resources.

 and every failure can be turned into a great success.
 and start pouring in. Failing schools can become flourishing schools. Crumbling roads and bridges can become gleaming new infrastructure. Inner cities can experience a flood of new jobs and investment. And rising crime can give way to safe and prosperous communities.

 and so much more

 every policy decision we make must pass a simple test: does it create more jobs and better wages for Americans?
 remove destructive regulations

 hire
 America will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creation.

 regulating

The only people who get rich under Hillary Clinton's scheme are the donors and the special interests.
 we have surrendered our status as the world's great economy

 or create one new dollar of American wealth for our workers. The only thing she can ever offer is a welfare check. Our plan will produce paychecks
 I have travelled all across this country and I've met the most amazing people. Every day

 the hard times never seem to end. I've visited cities and towns in upstate New York where half the jobs have left and moved to other countries.

Politicians have abandoned these places all over our country and the people who live there.
 politicians have heaped scorn and disdain on these wonderful Americans. My opponent described tens of millions of American citizens as deplorable and irredeemable – how can Hillary Clinton seek to lead this country when she considers its citizens beyond redemption?

 teachers and firefighters

 and to fight to bring prosperity to every part of this country.
 wages and well-being of American workers before any other consideration.

 I will fight for every last American job.

 dug out the Panama Canal

It's time to start thinking big once again.
 we've put together a plan that puts us on track to achieve that goal. Over the next ten years

 including our childcare reforms
 it will reduce the deficit.

 regulatory

 under Obama-Clinton policies

 the economy grew only 2.1 percent

 1 in 6 men aged 18-34 are either in jail or out of work. Meanwhile

 the Obama-Clinton policies have doubled the national debt. It took more than 230 years for the United States to accumulate it's first $10 trillion dollars in debt – it took President 

Obama only eight years to add another $10 trillion.
 it would be one thing if that money had been used to completely rebuild our nation

 the opposite happened. We doubled our debt and

Never has so much money been spent so poorly.
But we're going to turn that all around. Here's how.
It begins with bold new tax reform.

 our tax plan will greatly simplify the code and reduce the number of brackets from 7 to 3. The 3 new brackets will be 12

 streamlining deductions

 because we have strongly capped deductions for the wealthy and closed special interest loopholes

 Ivanka. These proposals are a central element of our comprehensive tax reform and economic growth plan.

 including stay-at-home parents. Because this deduction is capped

Parents will also be able to enroll in tax-free dependent care savings accounts for their children or elderly relatives. Low-income households will benefit from both an Expanded Earned Income Tax Credit – in the form a Childcare rebate – and a matching $500 contribution for their savings accounts.

000 per year with two children and $8

000 per year with two children and $10

 a reduction of more than 40 percent. An explosion of new business and new jobs will be created. It will be amazing to watch.
We will also allow U.S.-based manufacturers to fully expense the cost of new plants and equipment.

 we will bring back trillions in business wealth parked overseas and tax it at a 10% rate. Some people say there are $2 trillion dollars overseas

We will turn America into a magnet for new jobs – and that means jobs in our poorest communities.

 comes regulations. One of the keys to unlocking growth is scaling-back years of disastrous regulations unilaterally imposed by our out-of-control bureaucracy.

 job-killing industry – and the regulation industry is one business I will put an end to.

 federal agencies issued over 3

 and I will eliminate all needless and job-killing regulations now on the books. This includes eliminating some of our most intrusive regulations

We're going to put our great miners and steel workers back to work.

Energy reform is central to our plan as well
 by 2030
 and her plan could cost the economy $5 trillion dollars.

000 new jobs annually
 state
 we will streamline the permitting process for all energy infrastructure projects

 comes trade – the foundation for everything
America's annual trade deficit with the world is now nearly $800 a billion a year – an enormous drag on growth.

 the United States averaged a 3.5% growth rate. But

 product dumping

 China's entry into the World Trade Organization

The verdict is in. All of the special interests that the media race to for comment have been proven wrong about every single deal they've promoted – every lie and every prediction has crashed upon the rocks of reality.

 communities have been hollowed out

I have proposed a detailed plan to reform our trade policies and bring vast new jobs and wealth to America. This includes the following steps:
 and I will use our greatest business leaders and finest negotiators – and I know who you are

 which is causing so much damage to our country. 

We will entirely renegotiate NAFTA into a deal that will either be good for us or will be terminated until a brand new and productive deal can be signed.

We are also going to keep America out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

 I am going to instruct my Treasury Secretary to label China a currency manipulator
 and I intend to enforce those rules.

 including its theft of American trade secrets and intellectual property

 improved protection of America's intellectual property in China would add 2 million jobs a year to the United States every single year.

 and open a new highway of jobs back into our country.

 which is how taxes should be scored. This includes the childcare plan.

 energy and regulation reform will shave at least another $1.8 trillion off of the remaining cost.

 common sense reforms. If we save just one penny of each federal dollar spent on non-defense

 then our jobs proposal will actually reduce the deficit. Savings will be compounded by the fact that people who are currently receiving unemployment or welfare will finally be able to find jobs.

 pro-jobs
This is what our new future will look like. 

 on business and in your life; I'm going to unleash American energy; I'm going to repeal and replace Obamacare; I'm going to appoint Justices to the Supreme Court who will follow the Constitution; I'm going rebuild our depleted military and take care of our vets; I'm going to save your 2nd amendment; I'm going to stop illegal immigration and drugs coming into our country

 bridges
American steel will send new skyscrapers into the clouds.

 harvested from American sources

We will put new American metal into the spine of this country.

 incomes will rise

We Will Make America Wealthy Again.
We Will Make America Strong Again.
And Will Make America Great Again.
 and God Bless!"
Washington's rigged system feeds on excessive regulations...the Trump plan will put an end to this on DAY ONE. -DJT
We must replace the present policy of globalism...and replace it with a new policy of Americanism. -DJT
"As if it couldn't get any worse with Hillary! 

Hillary Clinton's support of Palestinian terrorism
"Good morning America! Great. Great news coming out of NEVADA --- OUTSTANDING! This is the biggest election of our lifetime - I will not let you down AMERICA! Thank you. 
Timeline Photos
"I had a great tour of the Pro Football Hall of Fame yesterday - in Canton
"We had a MASSIVE RALLY in Canton
I love you OHIO! Here now in Canton - just left the Pro Football Hall of Fame & now at the Civic Center for a massive rally -- with the AMAZING people of Ohio. I am determined to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN -- with YOU!
"WOW - THANK YOU FLORIDA!
"Instagram photo by Donald J. Trump • Sep 14
Join me at the City of Flint Water Plant for a couple of minutes.
"At a voter-registration event in Washington County
Thank you OHIO! I am in this to win it - we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! Off to Ohio now! -DJT
"Great job on Good Morning America- Ivanka! Proud of you
FLORIDA -- THANK YOU --- WE CAN WIN! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama would rather campaign for Hillary Clinton than solve major problems facing the country - SAD!
"THANK YOU Aston Twp. Fire Dept! Love the sendoff after a beautiful night in Aston
"FULL TRANSCRIPT 

My Child Care Reforms That Will Make America Great Again!

 Ivanka

 Chairwoman of the House Republican Conference and a mother of three small children

Our campaign is about ideas. We're about solutions. I've travelled all over the country in recent weeks offering detailed plans to make life better for you and your family.

 reforming our tax and regulatory code

 our politicians have locked our country into endless fights about small and petty things. I'm asking the nation to lift our sights

We must break our ties with the failed and bitter politics of the past and pursue a future where every American is honored and respected.

 beliefs and attitudes of those who don't have political power.

 the family worried about security

 and to have access to affordable
 nearly 2 in 3 mothers with young children have jobs.

 childcare is now the single largest expense – even more than housing. Yet

 a lost job
 pro-child
the full plan.

The first part of my childcare plan allows every parent or family in America – including adoptive parents and foster parent guardians – to deduct their childcare expenses from their income taxes.

 from birth through the age of 13. Because of the way the benefit is capped and structured

 our policy also supports mothers who choose to stay at home
to their families and to our society. Families with a stay-at-home parent will be able to fully deduct the average cost of child care from their taxes.

 we will offer an expanded Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) in the form of a childcare rebate. Working parents can get an expanded EITC benefit that equals up to half of their total payroll tax – a major relief for low-income parents. This translates to as much as an extra $1

 our plan allows every parent in America to open up a Dependent Care Savings Account. Families can contribute up to $2
 each of which is designated for a specific child

 but also child enrichment activities. Additionally

 and will thus contribute to the school choice reforms
I outlined last week.

The funds will remain in the account until the age of 18. Whatever still remains at that time can be used to help offset the costs of higher education.

 the federal government will provide matching funds – if parents contribute $1

These Dependent Care Savings Accounts can also be set-up to provide care for elderly dependents.

Our plan also includes much needed regulatory reform to incentivize private sector solutions. The new funds offered by our plan will create a new market for innovative childcare solutions.

 especially in low-income and rural communities

 we want parents to be able to access lower-cost
Our plan includes incentives for more employers to offer on-site childcare as well. 

 and can save them up to 30 minutes of commute time. Currently

 our plan offers a crucial safety net for working mothers whose employers do not provide paid maternity leave. This solution will receive strong bipartisan support

 and you can review them all on the website.

 I will outline my full economic plan

 and instead to work together – not as Republicans or Democrats – but as Americans

 I call you

 and to begin the rule of the American people.
 and to start dreaming about the great adventures that lie ahead.

It is time to Believe In America.

 We Will Make Our Country Strong Again.

We Will Make Our Country Prosperous Again.

And Will Make Our Country Great Again For Everyone!

SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR DONALD J. TRUMP
Thank you America - I will not let you down!
"Join Ivanka Trump and I - LIVE in Aston
"Ivanka Trump wrote an Op-Ed in the WSJ
"AMAZING - CLIVE
Timeline Photos
"TOGETHER
Timeline Photos
"What a disgraceful thing to say about fellow- hard working Americans! Vote Trump on November 8th -- keep Hillary's HATE away from Washington
"Great seeing Phil Robertson -- grateful for his support of my campaign. Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Timeline Photos
Stopped by @TrumpDC to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work!
"When you are president
"Fifteen years ago

 we mourn for all the lives lost. We mourn for all the children who had to grow up without a mom or dad

We will never forget.

 the entire world bore witness to the strength and courage of our mighty nation. Firefighters

 who saved countless more from a terrible fate.

We remember the heroes at the Pentagon who fought to save every last life from the smoldering rubble.

 is to work together as one nation to keep all of our people safe from an enemy that seeks nothing less than to destroy our way of life.

 and we also pray for the unity we will need to conquer all the challenges to come.

Timeline Photos
#NeverForget
Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!
LIKE & SHARE IF YOU AGREE:
"While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters
"Wow
"Good morning America! Eric & Lara are out campaigning - if you see them -- say hello! Working together
"The MOVEMENT in Pensacola
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

"Just left Trump International Hotel
"I had an incredible day yesterday in Cleveland
People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to #MAGA!
"Thank you for having me today
Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
"""A Very Bad Poll for Hillary Clinton. The frontrunner has outspent Trump almost 5-to-1 but still watched her lead evaporate..."""
Join me at the Cleveland Arts and Social Sciences Academy for a few minutes!
Hillary gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac this morning - to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!
THANK YOU for the incredible support! Don't forget - I am new to this! Lets WIN! Get out and VOTE on 11/8/2016. -DJT
THANK YOU AMERICA! #ImWithYou! -DJT
"THANK YOU to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great! In addition
"Instagram photo by Donald J. Trump • Sep 8
Four brave Americans lost their lives in Benghazi and Hillary Clinton falsely said tonight that we did not lose one American life in Libya. SAD!
I am your champion and I will always be America First! #ImWithYou!
"For far too long
"Under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton
"Thank you - Conservative Party of New York State. An honor to receive your endorsement! Together
"Wow - thank you Pensacola
Timeline Photos
Thank you for hosting us today - Union League of Philadelphia! -DJT
"""Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military
Join me in in Philadelphia - LETS MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! GOD BLESS AMERICA!! -DJT
Peter Thiel: Trump has taught us this year's most important political lesson:
"""I was a democrat
"Mainstream media never covered Hillary's massive ""hacking"" or coughing attack
"This is a MASSIVE MOVEMENT - to take back our country. THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA
"Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by Ivanka Trump
"Thank you to all of our amazing military families
"If everyone gets out to #VoteTrump on November 8th - we will be well on out way to MAKING AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for your incredible support
"An incredible piece via Ivanka Trump's page. 
 the founder of America's Career Force
Ivanka Trump
Good morning America! I am preparing for my trip to Virginia Beach & North Carolina today! Just received great news - from the CNN national polling ---- THANK YOU! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Phyllis Schlafly is a conservative icon who led millions to action

 and she sounded as resilient as ever. Our deepest prayers go out to her family and all her loved ones. She was a patriot

Her legacy will live on in the movement she led and the millions she inspired.


This is a beautiful MOVEMENT - we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
Thank you Ohio - I love you! #AmericaFirst
"Friends from Pennsylvania just sent this to me! A beautiful home in the tiny town of Youngstown
Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting @Mike_Pence & I for a roundtable with labor leaders. #LaborDay #MAGA
Now Hillary Clinton is even lying to students. Does the woman have no shame? She recently spoke at a high school - in a Cleveland suburb and misrepresented her sham forecaster Mark Zandi as a Democrat — and was called out by FactCheck.org.
"What started as an ""apology tour"" in 2009 has turned into a full-fledged ""humiliation tour"" for America.  Under Obama/Clinton we have been humiliated by Russia
 
 this is a headline we can get used to seeing more often:"
"Labor Day is a long-standing tradition celebrating the American worker but with millions of Americans out of work
The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow. Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?
I am so proud of my team in Florida! It is exactly what my campaign is all about! #ImWithYou #WeAreWithYou #AmericaFirst
"I am in this to win it - with you
"Government access and favors will no longer be for sale
Timeline Photos
"I had an incredible time in Detroit yesterday. A great experience - learned a lot by listening to everyone. I am grateful for their support - and time. You can catch what I had to say to everyone
Our political system has failed the people and works only to enrich itself.
"We stopped in Dr. Ben Carson's old Detroit neighborhood- he couldn't believe the size of a tree -- that last time he saw
"Mother Teresa represented the best in all of us. She was a holy and pious woman
"I am having an amazing time here in Detroit
"TOGETHER - we can save AMERICAN jobs
Good morning America! Received great news from the Reuters tracking poll last night! Polls across America are looking great - together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
Hillary Clinton used at least eight different mobile devices to send private e-mail during her tenure as secretary of state -- none of which were recovered by the FBI as part of its investigation into her communications practices as the nation's top diplomat.
"I had a terrific afternoon in Philadelphia with African-American Leaders. I am grateful for their support
"Thank you America! I want to fight for you - and I want to WIN for you! Together
"""It shouldn't be offensive to consider the interests of Americans before those of illegal immigrants."""
"Now is the time for all of us as ONE COUNTRY
"Good morning America! We received great news regarding the USC/Los Angeles Times National Poll below - and we are expecting some nice trends in state polls too. We can WIN this
"""While the mainstream media will be sure to grasp at ways to undermine the positive nature of the meeting with Peña Nieto
"Thank you to President Enrique Pena Nieto - for the invitation to meet with him in Mexico City
"Mexico City
"Thank you for the great feedback on my Immigration Speech last night in Phoenix
I'm promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. -DJT
"Thank you for your wonderful support last night- with regard to my Immigration Speech that I delivered at the Phoenix Convention Center. I love this country - and you
Timeline Photos
"A message from Ivanka Trump:
 
 up to $2 MILLION

https://secure.donaldjtrump.com/august-end-of-month?amount=250&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=t_djt0831200646_ivanka-video-aug-eom&utm_source=facebook&utm_content=ivanka-video-aug-eom_fb_organic
 
 he'll make it $200.
 he'll make it $500.
 he'll make it $1
 

Just landed in Arizona - to deliver my Immigration Speech at the Phoenix Convention Center. I had a great trip to Mexico today - and meeting with President Enrique Peña Nieto. Wonderful leadership and high quality people. Look forward to our next meeting!
"Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana
THANK YOU MEXICO.
"Not acceptable! If it was anyone else - they would face serious charges - and their lives would be ruined

 according to a published report.'"
"I AM FIGHTING FOR YOU! I love America - and want to give back - so we can MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN
"It is the job of the next President to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN
Timeline Photos
"WOW! Thank you Washington! Together
"I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto
"Great news out of the Los Angeles Daily Tracker! Lets WIN
Great new poll out of North Carolina. I have no doubt that we are going to WIN - and MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for your continued support! -DJT
This will be the most important election of our lifetime. We need to WIN in November - and we will win - if everyone gets out to VOTE! Thank you for your continued support.
"NOT UNDER A TRUMP ADMINISTRATION!

One Million Muslim Migrants Under One Term of Clinton Presidency
"It's hard to tell where the Clinton Foundation ends
"THANK YOU for all of your support
"Does anyone know that Crooked Hillary
"Clinton used a special tool to DELETE EMAILS so
Timeline Photos
Hillary Clinton is so sold out to special interests that she is willing to keep children trapped in failing schools in order to keep the teachers' unions funding her campaign happy.
"Obama's $400m cash payout to Iran is unprecedented
"268 DAYS WITHOUT A PRESS CONFERENCE!
SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR DONALD TRUMP
Thank you - I am grateful for the support. It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I think that both candidates
"Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice
"""She'll say
Timeline Photos
The Clintons have had their time on the stage but now it's time to close that chapter.
"""These international gangs of thugs and drug cartels will be — I promise you
"IT IS TIME FOR RULE BY THE PEOPLE
"Hillary Clinton supports the Sanctuary City and catch-and-release policies that are getting innocent Americans killed. 

 including the incredible family of Sarah Root

 and I will stand with them - - to END THIS CRAZINESS!"
I LOVE YOU IOWA! Thank you for your incredible support this afternoon. Everyone needs to get out and  VOTE this November -- and if you do -- we will WIN!
Join me in Iowa - attending a great event in honor of wonderful Senator Joni Ernst. Let's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #RoastAndRide
"My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family
Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border & WALL!
"Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty
Good morning America! Thank you for your support - I couldn't do this without you. This is a MOVEMENT & I am honored to be the messenger. Lets keep it up - love you all!
"I am forever grateful to everyone who volunteers for our MOVEMENT! Thank you to everyone in Florida - as they look to register 100
Exactly what one does - when they have something to hide. Hillary Clinton has bad judgement - and is NOT fit to be President of the United States.
"What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty
The Clinton's are the real predators...
"""Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."" #FlashbackFriday"
"DONALD J. TRUMP ADDRESSES CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES

It is so great to be back in New Hampshire. I have developed such deep affection for this state and for its people. My first victory took place here.

 we are all going to work very hard together to win this state – just like we did in the primaries – and to win the White House for the American people.

Our victory is going to be a victory for the great majority of Americans whose voice has not been heard.

 we live under a Washington regime that ignores your demands

 but between everyday working people and a corrupt political establishment that works only for itself.

This election is a chance for the great majority of decent citizens to end the rule of a small group of special interests and to return that power to the voters.

 by and for the powerful.

 by and for the people.

 we are taking on some very entrenched and well-financed interests. These are the same people who pay Hillary $10

 you have the power

This has been a historic week in American politics.

 and that the system is very badly rigged.

But this week the curtain was lifted. The corruption was revealed for all to see. The veil was pulled back on a vast criminal enterprise run out of the State Department by Hillary Clinton.

 more than half of the meetings Hillary Clinton took as Secretary of State with people outside government were Foundation donors.

Hillary Clinton's chief of staff received more messages from the Clinton Foundation's Chief Operating Officer than just about anyone else.

85 donors alone that she met with as Secretary gave the Foundation $156 million dollars.

 Bill Clinton's total speaking fees rose 44% while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State – often raking in money from people who had business or matters before the State Department.

 Hillary Clinton ran the State Department like a personal hedge fund.

 and where the State Department began.

Access and favors were sold for cash. It's called Pay-For-Play.

 people who donated to the Clinton Foundation – or who gave money to Bill Clinton – got favorable treatment from Hillary Clinton's State Department.

 and I've gone over some in recent days. They include the deal to sell 20% of U.S. Uranium to Russia

But these examples are only the tip of the Clinton Corruption iceberg.

Hillary Clinton's actions constitute all of the elements of a major criminal enterprise.

 she didn't care – as long as it helped her get away with her crime

 to further cover-up her crime

 she claimed under penalty of perjury that she turned over all of her work related emails. We now know this to be one more massive Clinton lie. The FBI found thousands of work-related emails she failed to turn over

What is being uncovered now is one of the most shocking scandals in American political history.

 betraying the public trust – putting innocent lives in danger – and then she went to great lengths to hide

Lie after lie after lie.

This is the corruption we expect to see in a Third World country – but not in America.

 to our integrity

We cannot let this happen.

We must vote on November 8th to keep the American government from being sold to the highest bidder.

 integrity and accountability.

 as all of these revelations have been discovered this week

 she emerges. However

 I have not seen Hillary Clinton's remarks. And

 and the millions of decent Americans who support this campaign

It's the oldest play in the Democratic playbook.

 they are left with only this one tired argument. It's the last refuge of the discredited politician.

 but the well has run dry.

 including millions of African-American and Hispanic-American citizens

 Democratic politicians have run nearly every inner city in America for fifty or sixty years or more. Their policies have produced only more poverty

Every policy Hillary Clinton supports is a policy that has failed and betrayed communities of color in this country. But she just doesn't care – she's too busy raking in cash from the people rigging the system.

700 people have been shot in Chicago this year alone.

These are the consequences of Hillary Clinton's policies. She has brought nothing but pain and heartache to our inner cities.

 she wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent. We should be helping these businesses to grow and expand – but Hillary Clinton is trying to shut them down.

She opposes school choice.

She supports open borders that violate the civil rights of African-Americans by giving their jobs to people here unlawfully.

She supports trade policies that have closed factories in African-American communities and put millions of African-Americans out of work.

She supports radical regulations that put Americans out of work and raise the price of their energy bills.

 and that make it harder to raise your children in security and peace.

I believe every single parent in this country – and especially in the inner cities – has the right to raise their kids in safety. This is one of the great civil rights issues of our time.

But Hillary Clinton doesn't want to talk about any of this. She can't defend her record. She doesn't have one single proposal that hasn't been tried and failed. She doesn't have one idea that does anything but destroy jobs for African-American and Hispanic citizens – and all citizens – in our country.

So what does she do when she can't defend her record?

 she smears

 these are the same tactics the establishment powers used to try to scare the British people out of voting for change too.

It didn't work there. It won't work here.

 opportunity and justice. They are ready to take back control of their own futures.

 Bill Clinton said about President Barack Obama that ""a few years ago this guy would have been getting us coffee."" And we've all seen the cringe-worthy comments from Hillary Clinton

 she's attacking all the people who support our movement.

We can't let that stand. Voters are used to the old game where failed politicians like Hillary Clinton falsely smear Republicans with charges of racism. Republicans then back down. Democrats then continue to push policies that are devastating to communities of color.

We must break this corrupt cycle. And we are going to break it beginning today.

So let me make some very clear statements before this whole country.

 on the border. People who want their laws enforced and respected

 on national security. People who speak out against Radical Islam

 on crime. People who support the police

 and to her donors and advisors

 getting $69 million dollars in political contributions from Wall Street and Big Banks

This is how the system is rigged.

 the American people have demanded that their immigration laws be enforced and that their jobs be protected from out-of-control immigration. But the special interests

 the American people have worried about letting Radical Islam spread within our shores

 people living in our inner cities have suffered under a failed policy regime. But the Democratic politicians – who only want to please media executives and Wall Street donors – do nothing but expand the hurt and the suffering.

It is time for a new day to dawn in America.

 we will end the rule of special interests – and we will begin the rule of the people.

I am asking for your vote so that we can break free from the failures of the past and create a New American Future.

I am asking for your vote so that we can achieve amazing things for the American people.

 and Hispanic-American

We will fix our disastrous trade deals and stand up to countries that cheat.

We will lower taxes and create millions of new jobs as a result.

We will unleash an American energy revolution.

We will eliminate job-killing regulations.

We will repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare.

 and we will put rules in place that hire American workers first.

 and instead work in partnership with our allies to crush and destroy ISIS.

We will keep Radical Islamic Terrorism out of our country.

 justice and acceptance.

We will steadfastly reject bigotry and hatred and oppression in all of its forms.

America will be one nation – united in common purpose and common dreams. Our citizens will proudly promote our values and our system of government as the best in the world – and we will do so without apology.

 We Will Make America Prosperous Again.

We Will Make America Proud Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

 citizens and fellow Americans: We Will Make America Great Again.

 and God Bless! 

SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR DONALD J. TRUMP
"Hillary Clinton's actions constitute all of the elements of a major criminal enterprise - she created a private illegal email server in order to hide her corrupt dealings. She did so knowing full well it would put American lives at risk by making classified information highly vulnerable to foreign hacking. But

 to further cover-up her crime

 she claimed under penalty of perjury that she turned over all of her work related emails. We now know this to be one more massive Clinton lie. The FBI found thousands of work-related emails she failed to turn over


"Under a Trump presidency
Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!
Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!
"I had a great meeting with African-American and Latino leaders this morning at Trump Tower in NYC. I am grateful for their time
"It is being reported by virtually everyone
There is only one way to end the corruption in our country! Elect Donald John Trump - to be your next President of the United States of America!
"""Meet the ""Trumpocrats
"Thank you for a fabulous evening
Join me in MISSISSIPPI for a few minutes! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"Will be on #Hannity @ 10pE on Fox News - discussing various subjects including immigration - if elected
"Departing Florida in a few minutes. Thank you for all of your incredible support. I am grateful
I am at the Florida State Fairgrounds- and just received some great poll information. Thank you for your incredible support. This is a MASSIVE MOVEMENT to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
"My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar. 

"PAY TO PLAY! 85 donors contributed as much as $156 million. At least 40 donated more than $100

"Thank you TEXAS!

We are going to declare our independence from failures of the past and create a New American Future. 

 we will have a government of
"Don't miss! Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on Sean Hannity - at 10pmE from Austin
"MAYOR RUDY GIULIANI STATEMENT ON LATEST CLINTON FOUNDATION DONOR SCANDAL:
                         
 NY) – Former New York City Mayor and U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani today released the following statement on the Associated Press' analysis revealing that 55 percent of Hillary Clinton's non-government meetings while at the State Department were Clinton Foundation donors whose contributions totaled at least $156 million:
 
 it is impossible to figure out where the Clinton Foundation ends and the State Department begins. It is now abundantly clear that the Clintons set up a business to profit from public office. They sold access and specific actions by and to them for money. This makes a mockery of her promise to Congress and the President to keep the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton State Department entirely separate. In other words
"Great seeing our AMAZING BORDER PATROL AGENTS this afternoon in Austin
"GOVERNOR MIKE PENCE STATEMENT ON AP CLINTON FOUNDATION EXPOSÉ:

""The fact Hillary Clinton's official schedule was full of meetings with Clinton Foundation donors is further evidence of the pay-to-play politics at her State Department. No one is above the law. 

The Clinton Foundation must be immediately shut down and an independent special prosecutor be appointed to determine if access to Hillary Clinton was for sale. It would be a dereliction of duty by President Obama and his Justice Department if they fail to act on these startling new facts right now."" 


"IT IS TIME TO VOTE FOR A NEW AMERICAN FUTURE!
Timeline Photos
"President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago
"Hillary Clinton just had the worst week of her presidential campaign
Exclusive – Meet the Many for Whom Donald Trump is Their Voice: Thousands Rally in Virginia.
"AKRON

It's so great to be in Ohio. I love this state – where I once worked – and I love the people of this state.  
 we are going to win the White House
We are going to negotiate fair trade deals that put American workers first.

 the unfair foreign subsidies

The era of economic surrender is over.  A new era of American Greatness is beginning.  No state has been hurt worse by the Hillary Clinton trade policies than Ohio.

 she backed China's entrance into the World Trade Organization

 and she will do whatever they tell her to do.  Ohio and the Akron area have lost nearly 1 in 3 manufacturing jobs since NAFTA.  This region and this state have lost nearly 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs since China entered the World Trade Organization.  Our trade deficit in goods with the world is now nearly $800 billion dollars.  This subtracts directly from our growth – our economy grew only 1.2 percent in the last quarter

I am promising a new legacy for America.
We are going to create a New American Future.
 we have to stop the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  

000 manufacturing jobs last year.  Imagine how many more jobs would be lost if TPP was actually approved.

 who called the TPP the ""Gold Standard""

 and we will keep America out of the TPP.  We will defend our freedom

 raise your wages
Here are a few of the things we will do:
 and a 15% tax rate for small businesses.

 and that includes getting rid of the Obama Administration's new anti-energy rules that will raise Ohio energy bills by more than 40 percent.

 and they devastate low-income African-American and Latino workers.
Ohio gets 60% of its electricity from coal-powered energy.

Hillary Clinton says she wants to ""put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business.""  Just like she wants to put the steel workers out of business.

 saving another 2 million jobs over the next decade.

600 have been shot in Chicago alone since the beginning of this year.  This is one of the biggest differences between me and my opponent.  I believe that safety is a right that belongs to all Americans.  

 and across this country

 I pledge to bring safety to communities across this land – but especially to those places that have not known safety in a very

This is the New American Future that we are working together to create.  Hillary Clinton is the past.  We are the future.

Another major part of our agenda is immigration security.  We need to protect American jobs.  We need to protect American safety.

 or see a pay cut
 immigration over the next fifty years will add another 100 million to our population.  It will be much

 then you cannot run for President.
 then you should not hold or seek public office.
It's just that simple.  No issue better illustrates how corrupt my opponent is than her pay-for-play scandals as Secretary of State.

 I have become increasingly shocked by the vast scope of Hillary Clinton's criminality.
 
000 emails she failed to turn over have just been discovered.  
 
Colin Powell just proved again how dishonest Hillary Clinton is after he busted her for trying to pin her email scandal on him – one more Hillary Clinton lie.
   
 foreign and domestic
 
 gays and people of different faiths.
 
The Foundation donors included corporations and individuals with significant matters before the State Department. And then either Hillary Clinton herself or one of her closest aides took action favorable to the donor.
 
 indeed one of only four established by the United States Constitution itself.
 
The Clintons' made the State Department into the same kind of Pay-to-Play operations as the Arkansas Government was: pay the Clinton Foundation huge sums of money and throw in some big speaking fees for Bill Clinton and you got to play with the State Department.
 
 the favors done and the significant numbers of times it was done require an expedited investigation by a Special Prosecutor. After the FBI and Department of Justice whitewash of the Clinton email crimes
 
Some former prosecutors have even suggested that the coordination between the pay-for-play State Department and the corrupt Clinton Foundation constitute a clear example of a RICO (Racketeer Influenced Corrupt Organization) enterprise.
 
The Justice Department is required to appoint an independent Special Prosecutor because it has proven itself to be a political arm of the White House.  
 
 particularly the Attorney General's private lengthy meeting with Bill Clinton shortly before the Department's decision not to prosecute her for crimes that would have been prosecuted against almost any other citizen.
 
 it will make it even clearer that a second of the four primary constitutional Departments have been corrupted.
 
Here is one example of Clinton Corruption.
 
 Hillary Clinton signed off on a deal allowing Russians to take an increased stake in a company called Uranium One
 
�Here is another example of pay-for-play.
 
 Ericsson telecommunications came under U.S. pressure for selling telecom equipment to several oppressive governments – including Sudan

 Hillary Clinton's State Department began adding goods and services to a list that might be covered under expanded sanctions on Iran and other state sponsors of terrorism.

 Ericsson sponsored a speech by Bill Clinton

 the Obama Administration issued an executive order imposing sanctions on telecom sales to Iran and Syria –but those sanctions did not cover Ericsson's work in Iran.

 we have one set of rules for her – and another set of rules for everyone else.
I am fighting for everyone who doesn't have a voice.  The forgotten men and women of America.
I am your voice.

 but also by small dollar donations from working people across this country who want their country back.

 10

 we are once again going to have a government that serves you

 defeat

 who sees people of color only as votes and not as human beings worthy of a better future.
 failing schools

 the African-American labor force participation has declined another 3 percentage points – and it's dropped another 6 percent for teenagers.  Nearly 4 in 10 African-American children live in poverty.  African-American home ownership has declined nearly ten percentage points.

 since 2009
 homicides are up nearly 50 percent in Washington D.C. and more than 60 percent in Baltimore.  The level of crime in these cities is something no American should consider acceptable.  Our government has failed these residents.

 what do you have to lose by trying something new?  If you keep voting for the same failed politicians you will keep getting the same results.  But

My tax reforms will add millions of new jobs and thousands of new small businesses.  

My energy reforms will create millions of new jobs and lower the price of your energy bill.

 grow jobs and add trillions in new wealth into our country.

My immigration reforms will protect your jobs and stop businesses from exploiting visa programs that hurt poor workers.

 bridges and airports.

 and for young children to live out their dreams.

 charter schools and merit-pay for teachers will help low-income students in our inner cities.  Hillary Clinton discriminates against poor African-American children by opposing school choice.

My government reforms will make your voice heard – not the voice of the special interests.
 getting rich off of our broken system
It's the powerful protecting the powerful.
Insiders fighting for insiders.  I am fighting for you.

 you hear about how some self-interested banker or some Washington insider says they oppose our campaign.  Or some encrusted old politician says they oppose our campaign.  Or some big time lobbyist says they oppose our campaign.
 not just partisan change.  

 by and for the people.

 protected equally

I am asking for your vote so I can be your champion in the White House.  

 and to every child who dreams for their future

 We Will Make America Strong Again.  We Will Make American Safe Again.  And We Will Make America Great Again.  

 and God Bless."
"THANK YOU for your support Miami! My team just shared photos from your TRUMP SIGN WAVING DAY
"This is a MOVEMENT! A movement to take back our country
"Join me in Akron
"In Ohio with America's Mayor
"I love you St. Amant
Timeline Photos
"Thank you America! We are going to WIN this November - and we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!

TRUMP 45%
Timeline Photos
"DONALD J. TRUMP STATEMENT ON CLINTON FOUNDATION: SHUT IT DOWN

 and it is wrong now. It must be shut down immediately.


"Just sent to me from the Illinois State Fair. I love it! Together
Timeline Photos
"Together
"Wow! Thank you Louisiana - l love you
Thank you Virginia! We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams. #MAGA
"Outstanding meeting today- at Trump Tower- with Hispanic leaders from all around the United States of America. Together
"""We are at a crossroads where our first priority must be saving our nation. We need a leader with qualities that resemble those of Winston Churchill
Jerry Falwell Jr.: Trump is the Churchillian leader we need
"VOTERS
"Thank you
Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16
"Received a briefing with Governor Mike Pence at the Ascension Parish
Please keep the amazing people of Louisiana in your thoughts and prayers.
Thank you to North Carolina for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success- will be arriving in Louisiana soon and have another great speech tonight in Michigan. #ImWithYou
"We are one nation. When one state hurts
"BUILDING A NEW AMERICAN FUTURE:

Thank you. It's great to be here in Charlotte. I just met with our many amazing employees right up the road at our property.

 a state that is very special to me.

 we all hurt – and we must all work together to lift each other up. Working

 and we send them our deepest condolences. Though words cannot express the sadness one feels at times like this

 one people

 I'd like to talk about the New American Future we are going to create together.

 I laid out my plan to bring jobs back to our country.

 I laid out my plan to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism.

 in Wisconsin

Let me take this opportunity to extend our thanks and our gratitude to the police and law enforcement officers in this country who have sacrificed so greatly in these difficult times.

 and the assaults on law enforcement

Every single citizen in our land has a right to live in safety.

 we must protect all of our people. But we must also provide opportunities for all of our people.

We cannot make America Great Again if we leave any community behind.

Nearly Four in ten African-American children are living in poverty.I will not rest until children of every color in this country are fully included in the American Dream.

 safety

But to achieve this New American Future we must break from the failures of the past.

 I am not a politician. I have worked in business

 in the heat of debate and speaking on a multitude of issues

But one thing I can promise you is this: I will always tell you the truth.

 and for everyone in this country who doesn't have a voice.

I speak the truth on behalf of the factory worker who lost his or her job.

I speak the truth on behalf of the Veteran who has been denied the medical care they need – and so many are not making it. They are dying.

I speak the truth on behalf of the family living near the border that deserves to be safe in their own country but is instead living with no security at all.

 Democrats

 and they are angry at so much on so many levels. The poverty

I am fighting for these forgotten Americans.

 I declared my campaign for the Presidency on the promise to give our government back to the people. Every day since then

 it's the fight of our lives – together – to save our country.

I refuse to let another generation of American children be excluded from the American Dream. Our whole country loses when young people of limitless potential are denied the opportunity to contribute their talents because we failed to provide them the opportunities they deserved. Let our children be dreamers too.

 or fails to enter the workforce or

 the terrible trade deals

 if something is broken

 you replace it.

 you make a change.

 no tolerance for government incompetence

 justice and opportunity. A future where America

Aren't you tired of a system that gets rich at your expense?

Aren't you tired of the same old lies and the same old broken promises? And Hillary Clinton has proven to be one of the greatest liars of all time.

 instead of serving and protecting you?

That is all about to change – and it's about to change soon. We are going to put the American people first again.

I've travelled all across this country laying out my bold and modern agenda for change.

 I will never lie to you. I will never tell you something I do not believe. I will never put anyone's interests ahead of yours.

 I will never

I have no special interest. I am spending millions of dollars on my own campaign – nobody else is.

My only interest is the American people.

 Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite: she never tells the truth. One lie after another

 and the many times she's betrayed them.

 has Hillary Clinton ever apologized for lying about her illegal email server and deleting 33

Has Hillary Clinton apologized for turning the State Department into a pay-for-play operation where favors are sold to the highest bidder?

Has she apologized for lying to the families who lost loved ones at Benghazi?

Has she apologized for putting Iran on the path to nuclear weapons?

Has she apologized for Iraq? For Libya? For Syria? Has she apologized for unleashing ISIS across the world?

 destruction and terrorism?

 we now know from the State Department announcement that President Obama lied about the $400 million dollars in cash that was flown to Iran. He denied it was for the hostages

 including our military personnel

 in this beautiful state

 and many of these jobs were lost while Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State – our chief diplomat with China. She was a disaster

 and I think you'll get that apology around the same time you'll get to see her 33

 so much preventable death. I've spent time with the families of wonderful Americans whose loved ones were killed by the open borders and Sanctuary Cities that Hillary Clinton supports.

I've embraced the crying parents who've lost their children to violence spilling across our border. Parents like Laura Wilkerson and Michelle Root and Sabine Durden and Jamiel Shaw whose children were killed by illegal immigrants.

My opponent supports Sanctuary Cities.

 Michelle

Where was the Sanctuary for every other parent who has suffered so horribly?

These moms and dads don't get a lot of consideration from our politicians. They certainly don't get apologies. They'll never even get the time of day from Hillary Clinton.

But they will always come first to me.

Listen closely: we will deliver justice for all of these American Families. We will create a system of immigration that makes us all proud.

 sacrifice national security

 or a lobbyist before a citizen.

 I will be a champion for the people.

 or what's really going on in people's lives. They will take words of mine out of context and spend a week obsessing over every single syllable

Just imagine for a second if the media spent this energy holding the politicians accountable who got innocent Americans like Kate Steinle killed – she was gunned down by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times.

Just imagine if the media spent this much time investigating the poverty and joblessness in our inner cities.

 or to our closing factories

 every story is told from the perspective of the insiders. It's the narrative of the people who rigged the system

 no coverage

 it's not about me. It's never been about me. It's about all the people in this country who don't have a voice.

I am running to be their voice.

I am running to be the voice for every forgotten part of this country that has been waiting and hoping for a better future.

I am glad that I make the powerful a little uncomfortable now and again – including some powerful people in my own party. Because it means I am fighting for real change.

 the financial lobbyists

It's the powerful protecting the powerful.

The insiders fighting for the insiders.

I am fighting for you.

Here is the change I propose.

 we are going to end the era of nation-building and instead focus on destroying ISIS and Radical Islamic terrorism.

 cyber and financial warfare and work with any partner in the world

 we will temporarily suspend immigration from any place where adequate screening cannot be performed. All applicants for immigration will be vetted for ties to radical ideology

 our American way of life

000 refugees from all refugee-sending nations in her first term

 we don't need another one.

 we are going to add more police

The gangs and cartels and criminal syndicates terrorizing our people will be stripped apart one by one. Their day is over.

 we are going to renegotiate NAFTA

Hillary Clinton has supported all of the major trade deals that have stripped this country of its jobs and its wealth.

 we are going to massively cut tax rates for workers and small businesses – creating millions of new good paying jobs.

We are going to get rid of regulations that send jobs overseas and we are going to make it easier for young Americans to get the credit they need to start a small business and pursue their dreams.

 we are going to give students choice

 and it is going to be a top priority in a Trump Administration.

 we are going to repeal and replace Obamacare. Countless Americans have been forced into part-time jobs

 we are going to restore honor to our government.

 I am going to enforce all laws concerning the protection of classified information. No one will be above the law.

I am going to forbid senior officials from trading favors for cash by preventing them from collecting lavish speaking fees through their spouses when they serve.

 or from any entity tied to a foreign government.

 we are going to bring this country together. We are going to do it by emphasizing what we all have in common as Americans. We are going to reject the bigotry of Hillary Clinton

 the result for them will be amazing. Look at how badly things are going under decades of Democratic leadership – look at the schools

 and I will work as hard as I can to bring new opportunity to places in our country which have not known opportunity in a very long time.

 there has been no reason for Democrats to produce.

 and to fight for every last American child in this country to have the better future they deserve.

 every American will be treated equally

 a fair economy

But we can never fix our problems by relying on the same politicians who created these problems in the first place.

 Hillary Clinton is the failed status quo.

It is time to vote for a New American Future.

 We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make American Proud Again.

We Will Make America Safe Again.

 We Will Make America Great Again.

 And God Bless."
Crooked Hillary Clinton #ThrowbackThursday:
"Donald Trump delivered one of the most avowedly conservative speeches America has heard in 50 years
"Byron York: 'Asking for black votes
"Next time you hear that Trump's proposal for immigrant vetting is un-American
I AM FIGHTING FOR YOU! #ImWithYou #AmericaFirst
"This afternoon - I hosted a very informative national security roundtable at Trump Tower. I can assure you -- with a Trump Administration
Timeline Photos
"It is time for rule by the PEOPLE
"Donald Trumps National Security Speech was very Reaganesque. After all
"Donald Trump's foreign policy statement is rock solid. It reflects state-of-the-art knowledge on counterterrorism. I can't
"I have been saying it from the beginning. Obamacare is a total disaster! Another major health insurer is pulling their coverage. If I am elected your next President
Working together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #LawAndOrder #ImWithYou
"It's so great to be here tonight.  I am honored to also be joined this evening by Governor Scott Walker

 I laid out my plan to bring jobs back to our country.  Yesterday

 and across this country

 their homes
 and will never be accepted in a Trump Administration.

 and pushed by my opponent Hillary Clinton

 more community engagement
 she is against the police. You know it

 and many other places within our country.

 we do a direct disservice to poor African-American residents who are hurt by the high crime in their communities.

 while protestors have raged against the police here in Milwaukee
How are we serving these American victims by attacking law enforcement officers?

The war on our police must end.  It must end now!

The war on our police is a war on all peaceful citizens who want to be able to work and live and send their kids to school in safety.  
 the looter

 and a vote for her is a vote for another generation of poverty
I care too much about my country to let that happen.  
We all care too much about our country to let that happen.
Good policing saves lives.  

 Rudy Giuliani

 all across this country
 not just the powerful

Hillary Clinton has had her chance.  She failed.  Now it's time for new leadership. The Hillary Clinton agenda hurts poor people the most.

 gang members
I am asking for the vote of every African-American citizen struggling in our country today who wants a different future.

 education policies

 a city run by Democrats for decade after decade.  Last year

 and many African-American neighborhoods have borne the brunt of this hit.

 to every voter living in every inner city

 and it's time to rebuild the inner cities of America – and to reject the failed leadership of a rigged political system.

 the corrupt system is trying to stop me.  I've been paying my own way.  The voters in the Republican Party this year defied the donors

 thus giving the soul of their party this year to the special interests.

 to hear your cries for help.  The quiet voices in our society

Jobs. Safety. Opportunity. Fair and equal representation. 
 not as individual human beings worthy of a better future.  She doesn't care at all about the hurting people of this country

The African-American community has been taken for granted for decades by the Democratic Party.  It's time to break with the failures of the past – I want to offer Americans a new future.
 not rule by special interests.

 getting rich off of our broken system

It's the powerful protecting the powerful.

Insiders fighting for insiders.  

I am fighting for you!

 who are we talking about?  It's the comfortable politicians looking out for their own interests.  It's the lobbyists who know how to insert that perfect loophole into every bill.  It's the financial industry knows how to regulate their competition out of existence.  The insiders also include the media executives

 or turn on the nightly news

 not just partisan change.  I am fighting – all of us across the country are fighting – for peaceful regime change in our own country.  The media-donor-political complex that's bled this country dry has to be replaced with a new government of

 of which Hillary Clinton has been a member for thirty years

I am going to give the people their voice back.
Think about it.  The people opposing our campaign are the same people who have left our border open and let innocent people suffer as a result.

The people opposing our campaign are the same people who have led us into one disastrous foreign war after another.
The people opposing our campaign are the same people who lied to us about one trade deal after another.

Aren't you tired of a system that gets rich at your expense?

 big businesses

Are you ready for change?

 the American people
Let's talk about what this means for the inner cities of America.  

 the entrenched interests.  I understand that a lot of powerful people in our political system – a lot of people who've created our problems – will lose a lot of their contracts
  
It's time to stop making the special interests rich.  It's time to make the American people rich.

I am going to Make America Wealthy Again.

 and run them into financial ruin.

They've ruined the schools. 

They've driven out the jobs.

They've tolerated a level of crime no American should consider acceptable.

 D.C.  

 more crime

Here is what I am proposing.

 on immigration.  No community in this country has been hurt worse by Hillary Clinton's immigration policies than the African-American community.  Now she is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants

 I am going to renegotiate NAFTA
 I am going to give a massive tax cut to every worker and small business in this country

 it is time to have school choice
 just so she can curry favor with the education bureaucracy.  I am going to allow charter schools to thrive

 I am going to support more police in our communities

 we are going to get rid of Obamacare – which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases – and give choice to patients and consumers.  Aetna

 I am going to restore honor to our government.  We've seen the corruption of Hillary Clinton
 I am going to enforce all laws concerning the protection of classified information.  No one will be above the law.
I am going to forbid senior officials from trading favors for cash by preventing them from collecting lavish speaking fees through their spouses when they serve.

 or from any entity tied to a foreign government. This is all just the beginning.

 with your vote

 we are going to need a fighter in the White House.  I will be your fighter.

 to win trade in our country

 she has bad judgment.  Bad judgment on terrorism
The only individuals she's ever delivered for is her donors – not the people.

 and I'll say it again.  My opponent asks her supporters to repeat three-word pledge.  

Her pledge reads: ""I'm With Her.""  I choose to recite a different pledge.  My pledge reads: ""I'm With You – the American people.""

 protected equally

 and a country of great success.

 and to every child who dreams for their future

 We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make American Safe Again.  And We Will Make America Great Again.  

 and God Bless

"To every parent who dreams for their children

 We Will Make America Strong Again.

We Will Make American Safe Again. 

And We Will Make America Great Again. 

 and God Bless

"I'm not part of the corrupt system. In fact

 thus giving the soul of their party this year to the special interests.

 to hear your cries for help.  The quiet voices in our society

Jobs. Safety. Opportunity. Fair and equal representation.
 
 not as individual human beings worthy of a better future.  She doesn't care at all about the hurting people of this country
"I will fight to ensure that every American is treated equally
"To defeat crime and Radical Islamic Terrorism in our country
"In my Administration
I am going to forbid senior officials from trading favors for cash by preventing them from collecting lavish speaking fees through their spouses when they serve.

 or from any entity tied to a foreign government. This is all just the beginning.

 with your vote


"I am asking for the vote of every African-American citizen struggling in our country today who wants a different future.
It is time for our society to address some honest and very difficult truths.

 education policies
"For every one violent protestor

 and a vote for her is a vote for another generation of poverty
"There is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct.  Crime and violence is an attack on the poor

 the problem is that there are not enough police.  
 more community engagement
"The violence
"Join me in West Bend
"LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in West Bend
"Just as we won the Cold War

 my Administration will speak out against the oppression of women


"This is my pledge to the American people: as your President I will be your greatest champion.  I will fight to ensure that every American is treated equally

 and seek a new future built on our common culture and values as one American people. 


Anyone who cannot name our enemy is not fit to lead our country. Hillary Clinton lacks the mental and physical stamina to take on ISIS!
"Join me for a few minutes at the Milwaukee County War Memorial Center- with America's Mayor Rudy Giuliani
The rise of ISIS is the direct result of policy decisions made by President Obama and Secretary of State Clinton. We cannot let this evil continue. We will defeat Islamic terrorism just like we've defeated every threat before.
"As I have been saying all along!

Aetna Ditches 75 Percent of Its Obamacare Coverage
"We have a President and somebody running against me that doesn't even want to use the term RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM. If they can't name it
"If I become president
The choice in November is a choice between a Clinton agenda that puts donors first - OR a new agenda that puts AMERICA FIRST!
A NATION WITHOUT BORDERS IS NOT A NATION AT ALL. WE MUST HAVE A WALL. THE RULE OF LAW MATTERS! -DJT
"#ICYMI: Today I delivered my Foreign Policy speech at Youngstown State University. TOGETHER
TODAY I ADDRESSED RADICAL ISLAM AND THE AGE OF TERROR FROM YOUNGSTOWN STATE UNIVERSITY.
"We will give a voice and a friend to moderate Muslim reformers
Hillary Clinton will increase Syrian refugees by 550% without a realistic screening process.
"Regime changes do nothing to end ISIS except allow RADICAL ISLAM to grow
"The attack on Orlando was by far the worst attack on the LGBTQ community
Radical Islamic terrorism threatens our world. Anyone who cannot name the enemy - cannot fix the problem!
"Here in America
Delivering my foreign policy speech at Youngstown State University - now! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
ART OF THE DEAL - CLINTON HELPS FUND THE NUMBER ONE STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM:
The failed Clinton-Obama Foreign Policy set the stage for ISIS - they led to the rise of ISIS! Read all about it here:
"""Stay on message"" is the chant. I always do - trade

 Ohio now - to deliver my foreign policy speech now! Begins at 2pm EDT."
Please read the following letter from Wilbur Ross on my economic plan.
"It is not ""freedom of the press"" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!"
Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S. Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!
"President Barack Obama's rhetoric and his administration's ineptitude that has made America less safe. Two and a half years ago
I am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!
"Honestly
We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres.
"People ask me

Trump to hold campaign rally in Fairfield Saturday at 7:30 p.m.
"A record 60.6 million Americans live in multigenerational households - if I am elected your next President of the United States - we will fix this with a strong economy
"In spite of all the criticisms and vitriol being heaped upon Mr. Trump by Washington's political elites
"Voting for Trump means that when you finally had the chance to end the corrupt and decadent Clinton machine
We will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton this November - and the Clinton News Network!
"THANK YOU Altoona
"I sense Crooked Hillary's playlist has a recurring theme
"Unbelievable! Thank you Erie
Hillary Clinton doesn't miss an opportunity to ridicule Donald Trump's illegal immigration solution of a wall on the southern border — but that's exactly what she's deployed to keep undesirables away from her.'
"Ratings challenged CNN reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) ""the founder"" of ISIS
"WOW! An outstanding day in Florida concludes with a beautiful rally in Kissimmee. This is a massive MOVEMENT
"BREAKING: Three FBI field offices wanted to open an investigation into the Clinton Foundation
"Absolute....disgrace! We are in this together

 CBS and NBC deluged viewers with more than five times more coverage — 25 minutes and 35 seconds versus 4 minutes and 41 seconds —  to Trump's ""Second Amendment people"" remark than they did to the father of an ISIS-inspired terrorist sitting right behind Clinton at a rally in Orlando
THE ART OF THE CLINTON DEAL.
CLINTON BROKE HER PROMISE ABOUT CREATING JOBS IN UPSTATE NEW YORK.
THE NON-PARTISAN TAX FOUNDATION SAYS CLINTON'S PLAN WILL COST JOBS AND SHRINK THE GDP.
CLINTON HAS SUPPORTED JOB-KILLING TRADE DEALS LIKE NAFTA AND TPP.
CNN (Clinton News Network) is starting to get caught in lies as frequently as Hillary.
"An honor to speak at the National Association of Home Builders in Miami Beach
"I have proposed the largest tax reduction of ANY candidate - who has run for President this year. It is a start
"A beautiful evening in Ft. Lauderdale
"Sarah Root
Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.

Miners have one last shot in this election - the coal industry will be nonexistent if Crooked Hillary Clinton wins the presidency this fall. It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I am leaving Fitzgerald Peterbilt now
"My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County
"My economic plan includes an across-the-board income tax reduction that helps EVERYONE
"BREAKING: Crooked Hillary Clinton put the State Department up for sale

Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!
"WOW
TRUMP CAMPAIGN STATEMENT ON DISHONEST MEDIA:
"Unbelievable afternoon in Wilmington
"Thank you to Sam from Staten Island
Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.
"I am running against the Washington insiders
"I am running for President of the United States of America- to MAKE AMERICA GREAT SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! I can assure you- that when I win
Timeline Photos
"Thank you for the very kind words
"STATEMENT ON POLITICALLY MOTIVATED LETTER

 and we thank them for coming forward so everyone in the country knows who deserves the blame for making the world such a dangerous place. They are nothing more than the failed Washington elite looking to hold onto their power

 allow Americans to die in Benghazi

 I offer a better vision for our country and our foreign policy – one that is not run by a ruling family dynasty. It's an America first vision that stands up to foreign dictators instead of taking money from them
Very proud of you Ivanka! Keep up the great work. We are only 3 months away from finding out if you & your brothers (Donald Jr. & Eric) will be getting even busier! I couldn't do this without you kids- love you all!
Thank you for the kind words- National Federation of Independent Business. If I become the 45th President of the United States- I will not let you and your small business members down! We will work together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"The key takeaways from my speech in Detroit today
"When it comes to Regulatory Reform - I will issue an executive order to impose a regulatory moratorium on new agency regulations. In addition
"I thank the Detroit Economic Club for hosting me this afternoon. Thank you for the incredible amount of support throughout my speech! Below are the key points to my speech- regarding
"Below are highlights from my Economic Policy Speech- delivered in Detroit
As your POTUS- we will NOT stand for continued job loss resulting from the TPP.
My trade reform means STRONG protection against currency manipulation.
"An America First Economic Plan: Winning The Global Competition Speech Transcript:

Thank you for the invitation to speak to you today.  It's wonderful to be in Detroit.
 and especially those who have the very least.

The City of Detroit Is Where Our Story Begins
Detroit was once the economic envy of the world.  The people of Detroit helped power America to its position of global dominance in the 20th century.
 Detroit was booming.  Engineers

 we started rebuilding other countries instead of our own.  The skyscrapers went up in Beijing

 Detroit has a per capita income of under $15
 but victims whose suffering is no less real or permanent.  

 the city of Detroit is the living
 
 signed by her husband
 
She is the candidate of the past.
 
Ours is the campaign of the future.
 
 and unless we change policies
 
 I will outline my economic vision.  In the coming weeks
 
 on the other hand
 
 you couldn't do better than Hillary Clinton's economic agenda.  
 
Nothing would make our foreign adversaries happier than for our country to tax and regulate our companies and our jobs out of existence.
 
The one common feature of every Hillary Clinton idea is that it punishes you for working and doing business in the United States.  Every policy she has tilts the playing field towards other countries at our expense.
 
 divide us
 
 and returning to a government that puts the American people first.
 
Here is what an America First economic plan looks like.
 
 let's talk tax reform.
 
Taxes are one of the biggest differences in this race.
 
Hillary Clinton – who has spent her career voting for tax increases – plans another massive job-killing $1.3 trillion-dollar tax increase.  Her plan would tax many small businesses by almost fifty percent.  
 
 at a campaign event
 
 especially for middle-income Americans. This will lead to millions of new good-paying jobs.
 
 but no one will pay so much that it destroys jobs

 we will eliminate the Carried Interest Deduction and other special interest loopholes that have been so good for Wall Street investors
 
Tax simplification will be a major feature of the plan.
 
Our current tax code is so burdensome and complex that we waste 9 billion hours a year in tax code compliance.
 
 and dramatically streamline the process.  We will work with House Republicans on this plan
 
 agreeing in some areas but not in others

 which unleashed years of continued economic growth and job creation.  
 
We will Make America Grow Again.
 
 we will provide more details on this plan and how it will help you and your family.  It will present a night-and-day contrast to the job-killing
 
000 jobs for upstate New York as Senator.  But what happened?  The Washington Post writes
 
 ""How Donald Trump Helped Save New York City
 
This is what I want to do for our country – I want to jumpstart America.
 
Now let's look at what the Obama-Clinton policies have done nationally.
 
 the weakest so-called recovery since the Great Depression
 
 an increase of nearly 14 million people.
 
 spend and regulate has created a silent nation of jobless Americans.
 
Home ownership is at its lowest rate in 51 years.
 
Nearly 12 million have been added to the food stamp rolls since President Obama took office.  Another nearly 7 million Americans are living in poverty.
 
We have the lowest labor force participation rates in four decades.
 
58 percent of African-American youth are either outside the labor force or not employed.
 
1 in 5 American households do not have a single member in the labor force.  These are the real unemployment numbers – the five percent figure is one of the biggest hoaxes in modern politics.
 
 American households are earning more than $4
 
 state and local taxes consume another 10 percent.

 at 35 percent.   It's almost 40 percent when you add in taxes at the state level.  
 we punish companies for making products in America – but let them ship products into the U.S. tax-free if they move overseas.
This is backwards.  All of our policies should be geared towards keeping jobs and wealth inside the United States.

 no American company will pay more than 15% of their business income in taxes.  Small businesses will benefit the most from this plan.  Hillary Clinton's plan will require small business to pay as much as three times more in taxes than what I am proposing
 and cause trillions in new dollars and wealth to come pouring into our country – and into cities like Detroit.   To help unleash this new job creation

No one will gain more from these proposals than low-and-middle income Americans.
My plan will also help reduce the cost of childcare by allowing parents to fully deduct the average cost of childcare spending from their taxes.
 applying a 10 percent tax.  This money will be re-invested in states like Michigan.

 no family will have to pay the death tax.  American workers have paid taxes their whole lives
Next comes regulatory reform

 I will have one overriding goal when it comes to regulation: I want to keep jobs and wealth in America

Motor vehicle manufacturing is one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country. The U.S. economy today is twenty-five percent smaller than it would have been without the surge of regulations since 1980.

It is estimated that current overregulation is costing our economy as much as $2 trillion dollars a year – that's money taken straight out of cities like yours.
000 pages long. As the Wall Street Journal noted
 the Obama Administration unilaterally issued more than 2
It is time to remove the anchor dragging us down.

 I will issue a temporary moratorium on new agency regulations.  My running mate

I will also immediately cancel all illegal and overreaching executive orders.
 I will ask each and every federal agency to prepare a list of all of the regulations they impose on Americans which are not necessary
 and I want America to win.  When I am president
One of the most important reforms of all is trade reform. 

 Hillary Clinton has bad judgment.  We've seen this bad judgment overseas
 and this country
 she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization

 because it so perfectly illustrates the broken promises that have hurt so many American workers.  

 and the usual so-called experts who've been wrong about every trade deal for decades

 these pledges all turned out to be false. Instead of creating 70

 Terry McAuliffe
Our annual trade deficit in goods with Mexico has risen from close to zero in 1993 to almost $60 billion.  Our total trade deficit in goods hit nearly $800 billion last year.

 and our nation as a whole.  

 before NAFTA went into effect

 Ford Motor Company has announced its opposition to the deal.

 the U.S. trade deficit with the proposed TPP member countries cost over 1 million manufacturing jobs in 2015. By far the biggest losses occurred in motor vehicles and parts

 controlled and paid-for by her donors and special interests.

 I have previously laid out a detailed 7-point plan for trade reform

At the center of my plan is trade enforcement with China.  This alone could return millions of jobs into our economy.  

 prohibited currency manipulation
 improved protection of America's intellectual property in China would produce more than 2 million more jobs right here in the United States. Add to that the saved jobs from cracking down on currency cheating and product dumping

 and I am in favor of trade.  But I want great trade deals for our country that create more jobs and higher wages for American workers.  Isolation is not an option

 while raising the price of electricity for both families and businesses.
 
000 jobs. Hillary Clinton says her plan will ""put a lot of coal companies and coal miners out of business.""  
 
We will put our coal miners and steel workers back to work.
 
 including going after oil and natural gas production that employs some 10 million Americans.
 
 by 2030
 
 and unleash an energy revolution that will bring vast new wealth to our country.
 
 lifting the restrictions on all sources of American energy will:
 
 add over 500
 
 state
 
• Increase total economic activity by more than $20 trillion dollars over the next 40 years.  
 
The reforms I have outlined today are only the beginning
 
 trade
 
We can use this new wealth to rebuild our military and our infrastructure.  
 
 we will also be rolling out proposals to increase choice and reduce cost in childcare
 
 our education reforms will help parents send their kids to a school of their choice.
 
 there can be no prosperity.  We must have law and order.
 
 we will be rolling out plans on all of these items.  One of my first acts as President will be to repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare
 
 and get our allies to pay their fair share for the protection we provide – saving us countless more billions to invest in our own country.
 
 on our website
 
 not the same old failed policies of the past.
 
Our party has chosen to make new history by selecting a nominee from outside the rigged and corrupt system.
 
 and the policies of yesterday.
 
There will be no change under Hillary Clinton – only four more years of Obama.
 
But we are going to look boldly into the future.

 bridges
 
 American planes will connect our cities
 
American steel will send new skyscrapers soaring.
 
We will put new American metal into the spine of this nation.
 
 and it will be American energy - mined from American sources - that powers this country.

It will be American workers who are hired to do the job.

 not globalism

Our country will reach amazing new heights.

All we have to do is stop relying on the tired voices of the past.

We can't fix a rigged system by relying on the people who rigged it in the first place.

We can't solve our problems by relying on the politicians who created them.

 and new solutions

 and start believing in America.
 
 the doubters have always said it couldn't be done.
 
America is ready to prove the doubters wrong.
 
They want you to think small.  I am asking you to think big.
 
We are ready to dream great things for our country once again.
 
 and Better and Stronger Than Ever Before.
 
 and God Bless You."
Arrived in Detroit - on the way to deliver my economic speech! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is another all talk - no action 'politician.' Just like when she promised 200
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by Wall Street. She will owe many
"The media is 100% dishonest! We will defeat the media
Trump pollster: 'There's a big hidden Trump vote'
"Anybody whose mind ""SHORT CIRCUITS"" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word ""BRAINWASHED."""
"In the past year 31 suspected ISIS terrorists have been arrested by American law enforcement
"I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton
"Unbelievable Windham
"With my team

Crooked Hillary Clinton is not fit to be our next president!
Trump is right about violent crime: It's on the rise in major cities.'
The president hoped to camouflage what he knew to be against the law...'
"Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS
"GOOD LUCK TEAM USA! We will be watching the RED
"What an incredible evening in Green Bay
"As President
"There is absolutely NO DOUBT that Crooked Hillary is a PATHOLOGICAL LIAR. Even the liberal media is calling her out! She's a security risk and admits she ""short circuited"" -- UNBELIEVABLE! There is no question she is COMPLETELY UNQUALIFIED to be President. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Amazing. Governor Mike Pence and I appreciate your incredible support this afternoon - IOWA! This is a MOVEMENT! Together - WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"Together
"We cannot address the issues - if we are afraid to face them head on. As your POTUS- my administration will deal with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM to assure a SAFER AMERICA both now
"DONALD J. TRUMP ON HILLARY CLINTON'S BAD JUDGMENT AND HER BEING UNFIT TO SERVE AS PRESIDENT

 having let ISIS take firm hold in Iraq

 and it should come as no surprise that her campaign would push out another Obama-Clinton pawn (who is not independent) to try to change the subject in a week when Clinton's role in putting Iran on the path to nuclear weapons and this Administration being called out for sending $400 million in cash to the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism is on every front page in the country. 

Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President."" 


Why Donald Trump would be best President for US-Israel relations:
"An amazing afternoon in Portland
One of the MANY jobs our US Coast Guard is responsible for is keeping our borders safe — it's a very dangerous job. Thank you and Happy Birthday to these TREMENDOUS heroes! #TrumpIsWithYou!
Hillary Clinton Finally Tells The Truth: Pledges She Will Raise Taxes On Middle Class
"This lawless
BREAKING: Bill Clinton Got Millions From World's Biggest Sharia Law Education Firm
"Thank you Jacksonville
"Wow! I am in Jacksonville
Thank you Lt. Col. Louis Dorfman- I am truly honored. You are the true HERO!
"DONALD J. TRUMP CAMPAIGN ANNOUNCES SUCCESSFUL GROWTH WITH $80 MILLION FUNDRAISING HAUL

 NY) Aug 3rd

 in conjunction with the RNC

The campaign expects this success to continue throughout the coming months with the support of small dollar contributions from passionate supporters across the country. 

 Donald J. Trump for President Finance Chairman."
"THANK YOU to all of the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach
"WOW! Join me in Daytona Beach
Obama Funds Iranian Terror After Being Extorted By Ayatollah:
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!
"I'm proud to have such a strong track record of employing and promoting women in the workplace! As President
"There is great unity in my campaign
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Could you imagine if I went 241 days without a press conference!? Crooked Hillary Clinton- concludes her 241st day without having a press conference- while running for President of the United States of America!? Absolutely no transparency & communication with the American people!
"STATEMENT FROM CHARLES WOODS

 NY) August 2nd

 ""I support Donald Trump

 her reckless decision to invade Libya unleashed radical Islamic terror groups that threatened Americans. Compounded with her failure to provide the necessary security upgrades and reinforcements cost four Americans their lives. After it all

 ""Tyrone Woods is an American hero and his father is a tremendous person whom I have great respect for. His support is so important to me. Together we are going to defeat Hillary Clinton in November and make America safe again."""
Sample of what an Obama-Clinton recovery will look like for the United States of America.
"The liberal biased media make complete fools out of themselves the way they fawn over Crooked Hillary. It's SAD
I believe in making the best deals for America and NAFTA was a horrible deal! I want to make great deals that will keep jobs here and employ millions of Americans. We MUST get America back to work! #MakeAmericaWorkAgain
"STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP

 handed Iraq

 deleted evidence of her crime

 reckless with regime change


An amazing morning in Virginia! We will have to get much larger venues going forward - I can't thank you enough for all of your support. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"When I am elected President
"Police arrest 900 Muslim migrants in England and Wales for ""sickening"" crimes:"
"John Podesta's (Chairman of the 2016 Hillary Clinton campaign) brother
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Departing New York for Virginia now. Incredible day in Ohio & Pennsylvania yesterday. Together- WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for your continued support!
The Washington Post calls out Crooked Hillary for what she REALLY is! A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR!! Watch that nose grow!
Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Just leaving Mechanicsburg
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA
"Thank you for your incredible support Virginia
"Our government is COMPLETELY broken! Believe me
"CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton! 

Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?  When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?


Crooked Hillary Clinton received a dreaded 'four-Pinocchio' rating from the Washington Post – the worst score possible for truthfulness – after claiming on Sunday that the FBI defended her honesty in the classified email scandal that has plagued her presidential campaign for more than 16 months.
Top Trade Experts Warn: Hillary Clinton Responsible For Decimation Of American Manufacturing:
"The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why
"Crooked Hillary counts on Wall Street for donations.  I'll NEVER be bought and sold by them. My supporters are the BEST because they're every day Americans! Together
We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.
Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!
NATO commander agrees members should pay up. Only 5 of the 28 nations have fulfilled their commitments!
"#CrookedHillary = Obama's third term
"I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics
Get out and VOTE this November - for #TrumpPence16! Time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
Thank you America! Lets not only WIN the convention ratings - lets WIN this November. A Crooked Hillary Presidency - will not be good for the future of our country!
SAFETY AT HOME! There can be no prosperity without law and order! -DJT
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - the lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!'
"Violent crime is rising in Baltimore
"WOW! Amazing evening in Denver


"""Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal."""
I've said it over and over again. Crooked Hillary is bought and paid for by The Establishment—BIG TIME! Unbelievably CORRUPT! I'm not and never will be owned by ANYONE! #TrumpIsWithYou #TrumpPence2016
"Even Bill is tired of the lies
"America led by Hillary will be an AMERICA where things get even WORSE than it is now.  Higher taxes
"Two policemen just shot in San Diego
"Last night - we broke 10
"TRUMP CAMPAIGN STATEMENT ON CLINTON'S ACCEPTANCE SPEECH

Hillary Clinton's speech was an insulting collection of clichés and recycled rhetoric. She spent the evening talking down to the American people she's looked down on her whole life.

 about E Pluribus Unum

 not the reality we live in today.

 millions of people are left out in the cold. She only stands together with the donors and special interests who've bankrolled her entire life. Excluded from Hillary Clinton's America are the suffering people living in our inner cities
"Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power
Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words!
"Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam
HILLARY'S WITH US…IF YOU'RE A CLINTON FOUNDATION DONOR (HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSE EDITION)
HILLARY'S WITH US…IF YOU'RE PART OF THE STATUS QUO (RIGGED SYSTEM EDITION)
HILLARY'S WITH US…IF YOU SELL OUT AMERICAN WORKERS (BAD TRADE DEALS EDITION)
Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to hide who she REALLY is!

"Back in Davenport
Great to be back in Iowa! #TBT with Jerry Falwell Jr. joining me in Davenport- this past winter. #MAGA
"At Hillary Clinton's convention this week

 there is no problem with Hillary Clinton maintaining an illegal

 one where we can break up Washington's rigged system

 the future is limitless and we will Make America Great Again for everyone."
Bernie caved!
So proud of Ivanka Trump & all of her accomplishments! I am very grateful to all of my kids - - who will hopefully be overtaking the Trump Org. by years end! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"When I am President
"Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty
Shooting deaths of police officers up 78% this year. We must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers!
"THANK YOU Toledo
I am off to my rally in Toledo! Had a great time answering questions on Reddit!
"Join me tonight in Toledo
"LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Toledo
"Come join me on Reddit. This is going to be SO HUGE and I'm looking forward to answering your questions. 



WOW! I love you Pennsylvania -- THANK YOU for your incredible support. Everyone has to get out and VOTE this November. It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
BREAKING: Hillary Campaign Admits Her Illegally Deleted Emails Weren't 'Personal' But Affect  National Security:
Join me for a few minutes in Pennsylvania! TOGETHER - we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
I love the United States of America! Thank you for your support. Will NOT let you down! -DJT
"For months
"Our not very bright Vice President
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to flood our country with Syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. The danger is massive. NO!
"Where it all began - New Hampshire! Thank you for your support -- it means so much! Together
"For the record
"No matter what Bill Clinton says and no matter how well he says it
Dems don't want to talk ISIS b/c Hillary's foreign interventions unleashed ISIS & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here.
"Why aren't the Democrats speaking about ISIS
"Departing Tampa

"Every day I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that have been ignored
"It was an honor to speak at the 117th VFW National Convention in Charlotte
"Good morning! Join me live in Charlotte
Good morning America! Great new poll numbers out of Nevada -- THANK YOU. See you soon. Thank you for your support!
"Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work
Bernie Sanders TOTALLY gave up and abandoned his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix this RIGGED system and bring back our jobs!
Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.
"Thank you for your incredible support tonight
"The American people deserve better. The DNC and Hillary Rotten Clinton rigged the system and completely ignored what the people wanted! They are so
"Thank you Roanoke
"This is a MOVEMENT - to take back our country! We are going to go non-stop -- all the way up to November 8
We don't have time to play games anymore! Enough! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN -- IMMEDIATELY! -DJT
It will not be difficult locating Crooked Hillary's luggage in Philadelphia! -DJT
"More bad news for CROOKED HILLARY today! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Timeline Photos
"""Trump Would Win If Election Were Held Today""
"NATE SILVER: Donald Trump gets huge lift after convention
Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails
#ICYMI -- definitely worth sharing & reading! Only the beginning!!
The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive & well!
"Wow
I will bring jobs back and get wages up. People haven't had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. Clinton killed jobs!
I will be spending a lot of time in Ohio- and I cannot wait! Thank you for your support -- I will not let you down!
Just saw Crooked Hillary and Tim Kaine together. ISIS and our other enemies are drooling. They don't look presidential to me!
"The Wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to Sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her
"Talk about a perfect match - Crooked Hillary & Kaine -- one of Obama's closest friends. Time to clean up Washington
Funny that the Democrats would have their convention in Pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. I will bring jobs back!
Crooked Hillary Clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Against steelworkers and miners. Husband signed NAFTA.
My acceptance speech was 75 minutes 'long!' Watch how long it really was - - - by watching the 28 second video below. THANK YOU #TrumpTrain - I love you! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
"Leaked e-mails of DNC show plans to destroy Bernie Sanders. Mock his heritage and much more. On-line from Wikileakes
"Tim Kaine is
"Kaine and Crooked Hillary are the ULTIMATE insiders! Corrupt!

The Ultimate Insiders
"Our prayers are with all those affected by the horrible attacks in Munich. This cannot continue. The rise of terrorism threatens the way of life for all civilized people
I AM YOUR VOICE! http://bit.ly/2agThx4
"I will not let this country down. I am grateful for everything I have ever been able to accomplish. I want to give back. I want to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! 
Timeline Photos
#TrumpPence2016
Thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! -DJT
FORMAL ACCEPTANCE OF THE NOMINATION! #TrumpPence16
I AM YOUR VOICE! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
As President I will put America FIRST! #TrumpIsWithYou
"I just accepted the GOP nomination for President and now it's time to take the fight to Hillary Clinton! This is a MOVEMENT that's going to win back the White House! #TrumpIsWithYou



You can watch 360 video live from the podium! #RNCinCLE #TrumpIsWithYou #MakeAmericaGreatAgain https://youtu.be/BXmqiESZYp0
"GREAT
"Thank you


"Wow! We had over 70

 America -- thank you for being with me. #TrumpIsWithYou


"Ivanka and I did our walk-thru at the Quicken Loans Arena. We will see you tonight
"I am soooo proud of my children
Beautiful photo of my kids & the Pence family here in Cleveland - with amazing law enforcement officers -- who have done an incredible job this week! Thank you!
We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!





































"Thank you to our next VP of the United States
THANK YOU CLEVELAND! See you tomorrow- at the #GOPConvention! #RNCinCLE
"As President


"Great job Eric Trump! Proud of you! 
Timeline Photos
Just got to the #GOPConvention to watch Eric! #RNCinCLE
"Thank you
"We are blowing through our goal


"Thank you so much for your support
"47 years ago our nation did something that NOBODY thought we could do - we were the first to put a man on the moon. It is time to be number one
Very proud of Donald Trump Jr. last night!
Thank you Dana White - - there is no question that I will FIGHT for this COUNTRY! I want to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN - with every American!
ARRIVING IN CLEVELAND NOW!!
The media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of Melania's speech than the FBI spent on Hillary's emails.
Thank you Ivanka. Could not have done it without family!
Good morning America! This is a MOVEMENT- and WE are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN- starting in January 2017!




















































"Proud of you Donald Trump Jr. - you were great! Keep up the incredible work at the Trump Org. Because of you
GREAT JOB TIFFANY! So proud of you- love you!
THANK YOU AMERICA! I LOVE YOU! -DJT
For the first time ever - you can join the GOP CONVENTION LIVE - with FULL CONTROLS! On for the next 15 minutes!
I am in New York City - watching history unfold. This is a MOVEMENT to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! I love the United States of America - and am forever grateful for your support!
"THANK YOU AMERICA! WE DID IT! What a way to secure the nomination- with my kids putting US ALL over the top with New York! I love you Ivanka
#RNCinCLE #TrumpTrain2016
Make America Safe Again!
The theme of this evenings GOP Convention is #MakeAmericaWorkAgain! Use this hash tag on all of your social media platforms beginning now!
Our jobs have been destroyed! I am about creating JOBS and nobody can do it like me. #MakeAmericaWorkAgain
"""We are going to elect Donald Trump President and turn this country around. We need strong leadership!""

"I've created tens of thousands of jobs and I'm really good at it. As President
I believe in making the best deals for America. NAFTA was a horrible deal! I want to make great deals that will keep jobs here and employ millions of Americans. We MUST get America back to work! #MakeAmericaWorkAgain


















"It was truly an honor to introduce my wife
Timeline Photos
"Join me behind the scenes at the 2016 GOP Convention -- as I introduce our next First Lady of the United States of America
Very proud of our next First Lady Melania Trump! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
We are back stage - and Melania Trump is up next! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Marcus Luttrell is a true American hero! Thank you for your support. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
We are going to get rid of ISIS! America needs real leadership. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
"THANK YOU Mahoning County
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning America! As the GOP Convention kicks off this evening - know that if given the opportunity to be your next President & VP - Governor Mike Pence and I -- WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN for you!
"Our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. We are not looking good
"President Obama just had a news conference
I will be on 60 Minutes tonight at 7:00 P.M. with Governor Mike Pence- talking about LAW AND ORDER and many other subjects! Bad times for divided USA!
"We are TRYING to fight ISIS
We grieve for the officers killed in Baton Rouge today. How many law enforcement and people have to die because of a lack of leadership in our country? We demand law and order.
"We welcome Governor Mike Pence and his wonderful family! Together- with YOU-- we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Timeline Photos
"""It's reckless and irresponsible for Hillary Clinton to call for a 550 percent increase in the Syrian refugee program at a time of such peril to the United States and our allies.""
Governor Mike Pence 
Timeline Photos
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is bought and paid for by Wall Street
"A wonderful day with Governor Mike Pence
#TrumpPence16
"Mike Pence is exactly the VP I need by my side. He was my first choice to help me Make America Great Again! #AmericaFirst #WeAreWithYou


"Good morning America! Big day ahead! Join me at 11amE - as I officially announce my Vice Presidential choice- Governor Mike Pence!

Timeline Photos

I am pleased to announce that I have chosen Governor Mike Pence as my Vice Presidential running mate. News conference tomorrow at 11:00 A.M.
Bernie Sanders endorsement of Crooked Hillary Clinton the other day- is like Occupy Wall Street endorsing Goldman Sachs!
"My prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in Nice
CROOKED HILLARY NO!
"Thank you to the Rossi family
Another new poll. Thank you for your support! Join the MOVEMENT today! #ImWithYou
Great new poll! We have the momentum- and we are just getting started! Americans are tired of Lyin' Crooked Hillary Clinton- and her terrible judgement. I will NOT let you down!
"Good morning America! Thank you Florida
I will be making the announcement of my Vice Presidential pick on Friday at 11am in Manhattan. Details to follow.
"Crooked Hillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in Florida
I agree! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN...VOTE FOR TRUMP! Thank you for your support- it means the world! DJT
"We have got a MOVEMENT going- a MOVEMENT based on taking our country back! TOGETHER
"This election is a choice between law
Thank you Florida! #ImWithYou
Thank you Pennsylvania! #ImWithYou
"Great evening in Westfield
"Join me tonight at 7:30pmE - LIVE from Indiana
"Amazing Iowa - thank you! Can't wait to see everyone soon
Great results in Florida - I've been saying it all along. WE are going to WIN! It's time- to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
Bernie Sanders has totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. #CrookedHillary
The American people will be heard - in November!
Good morning America!! Looking forward to being in Indiana- later today! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #ImWithYou
"FEDERAL COURT SIDES WITH GRASSROOTS ACTIVISTS: RNC DELEGATES ARE BOUND TO FOLLOW ELECTION RESULTS

Delegates Remain Committed to Donald J. Trump; 
Anti-Trump Effort Dealt Crippling Blow

 2016 – Senior United States District Judge Robert E. Payne today ruled in favor of Trump campaign delegates who had argued – in line with overwhelming public opinion – that RNC delegates must follow election results and that delegates cannot be stolen at the national convention. Delegate Beau Correll

 the Court found that RNC Rule 16

 the Court found that by signing the ""Declaration and Statement of Qualification

Trump Campaign Attorney and former FEC Chairman Don McGahn issued the following statement:

 including Correll
Wow - FLORIDA! Great new poll numbers! I will not let you down -- WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! •DJT
"We made a promise to these heroes. Veterans defend America
I am the Law and Order candidate!
"Thoughts and prayers with the victims
"#10. We are going to ensure every Veteran in America...
Timeline Photos
"#9. We are going to increase the number of mental health care professionals...
Timeline Photos
"#8. We are going to reform our visa programs...
Timeline Photos
"#7. We are going to stop giving bonuses to people for wasting money...
Timeline Photos
"#6. I will creat a private White House Hotline...
Timeline Photos
"#5. I'm going to make sure the honest and dedicated people in the VA...
Timeline Photos
"#4. I'm going to appoint a commission to investigate all the fraud
Timeline Photos
"#3. I am going to ask congress to pass legislation...
Timeline Photos
"#2. I am going to use every lawful authority...
Timeline Photos
#1. I am going to appoint a VA Secretary who is going to make it his or her personal mission to clean up the VA. #VeteranReform10
"Join me live- as I deliver my Veterans' reform speech from Virginia Beach
Good morning America! Preparing for my 1pm speech on Veterans' Reform- at 1pm in Virginia Beach. Join me here- you don't want to miss it!
"The media is so dishonest. If I make a statement
I don't have time for political correctness and neither does this country. •DJT
Look what is happening to our country under the WEAK leadership of Obama and people like Crooked Hillary Clinton. We are a divided nation!
"To add fuel to the fire
New poll - thank you! LETS MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch
Way to go Serena Williams  - you are a true champion. Proud of you! #Wimbledon
"Sadly
MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
"Last night's horrific execution-style shootings of 12 Dallas law enforcement officers – five of whom were killed and seven wounded- is an attack on our country. It is a coordinated

We must restore law and order. We must restore the confidence of our people to be safe and secure in their homes and on the street.

 tragic deaths of two people in Louisiana and Minnesota reminds us how much more needs to be done.

 and we pray for our brave police officers and first responders who risk their lives to protect us every single day.

 not better. This isn't the American Dream we all want for our children.

 perhaps more than ever
Prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country.
"Today once again proved that the system is absolutely rigged. How Crooked Hillary got away with sharing TOP SECRET emails and LYING about it is just absolutely unbelievable! Crooked Hillary should be prosecuted
"FBI DIRECTOR: ""No doubt that un-cleared people had access to the server. There were others who maintained the server....who were private sector folks...."""
"Thank you Jared. I could not have asked for a better son-in-law. You are an amazing husband to my daughter
Thank you Speaker Paul Ryan & House Republican members- for an outstanding morning at the Capitol Hill Club! Working together - we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN -- QUICKLY! •DJT
Crooked Hillary Clinton Lies vs. the FBI: A Tale of Two Press Conferences.
"Thank you to everyone who has donated to my campaign- we have raised $51
"Thank you for joining me in Cincinnati
"Thank you Cincinnati
Get of the fence' and VOTE TRUMP; ' at least he's like us!' - Robert Jeffress (pastor)
Convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. Let today be devoted to Crooked Hillary and the rigged system under which we live.
"Crooked Hillary Clinton lied to the FBI and to the people of our country. She is sooooo guilty. But watch
"The rigged system may have helped Hillary Clinton escape criminal charges
FBI director said Crooked Hillary compromised our national security. No charges. Wow! #RiggedSystem
"The system is rigged. General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual
"Hours after being interviewed by the FBI
"Plans are coming together for the GOP Convention in Cleveland

"STATEMENTS FROM Donald J. Trump & Dan Scavino regarding the ''tweet' directed at the most corrupt Presidential candidate- ever.

DONALD J. TRUMP STATEMENT ON FALSE ACCUSATION FROM HILLARY CLINTON:
 
 often used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior

 why was Bill Clinton meeting secretly with the US Attorney General on her case and where are the 33

STATEMENT FROM TRUMP CAMPAIGN SOCIAL MEDIA DIRECTOR DAN SCAVINO:

The social media graphic used this weekend was not created by the campaign nor was it sourced from an anti-Semitic site. It was lifted from an anti-Hillary Twitter user where countless images appear. 

The sheriff's badge – which is available under Microsoft's ""shapes"" - fit with the theme of corrupt Hillary and that is why I selected it.  

 I would never offend anyone and therefore chose to remove the image."
"Today and every day
Timeline Photos
"Wishing you a very


"On Saturday a great man
"""THE SYSTEM IS RIGGED!"""
Crooked Hillary Clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the U.S.A.G. to work out a deal. The system is totally rigged & corrupt!
"Happy Independence Day! Now

It's our time to reclaim our Independence. It's OUR time to Make America Great Again! #Trump2016


Love keeping up with my family via social media outlets - especially while out on the campaign trail. So grateful for their amazing support -- as I run for President of the United States --- so WE ALL can work TOGETHER & MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
IF YOU DO NOT BELIEVE IN YOURSELF- NOBODY WILL! •DJT
"Islamic terrorism is a threat to civilized people everywhere. It must be defeated
"It was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against Crooked Hillary Clinton. Like I said
It is time to put America First again. If elected President- I will not let you down! We will work together & put AMERICA FIRST! Thank you to a great supporter- who sent this to me:
I will be the GREATEST jobs President- that God ever created...
"Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Timeline Photos
These crimes won't be happening if I'm elected POTUS. Killer should have never been here! #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
When you can't say it - or see it -- you can't fix it. WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFER AGAIN! -DJT
"Thank you for inviting me to the Western Conservative Summit- in Denver
Timeline Photos
"Just landed in Colorado- and came across my newest grandchild
"Yet another terrorist attack today in Israel -- a father


"When it comes to her unprecedented use of a rogue email system

WRONG: https://www.lyingcrookedhillary.com/lie/secret-server-hillary-broke-the-rules-lied-about-it

 she ignored warning after warning that her setup posed a significant cybersecurity risk. 


"I am shocked by the heinous murder of 13 year old Hallel Yaffa Ariel

 and the glorification of terror must end immediately. I call upon the leadership of the Palestinian Authority to condemn this murder and to take concrete steps to end this barbaric behavior.


"GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Getting ready for Denver

Western Conservative Summit 
Timeline Photos
"Obama's Department of Homeland Security has ""surged resources"" to meet Obama's goal of settling 10
"I love you New Hampshire! This is where it all began
"Join me in New Hampshire for a few minutes- where it all began. I am at a closed Sylvania factory that closed down & moved to Mexico (1
"Hillary Tech Plan Robs Minority Youth Of Their Jobs In Favor Of Low-Wage Labor From Overseas

 Hillary Clinton has offered a tech plan that allow companies to bring in unlimited numbers of foreign hires from overseas

 you get poor.

 her email scandal to hide her corrupt financial dealings

 not donors
New general election poll is out. Remember- we are just getting started. It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! We can achieve this goal- together. I will not let you down! -DJT
"Thank you Independents. Lets keep up the momentum - I really appreciate your support
ISIS exploded on Hillary Clinton's watch- she's done nothing about it and never will. Not capable!
"AMAZING. Thank you for the incredible amount of support in Bangor
Forgotten History: How American Presidents from Washington to Lincoln Agree with Trump on Trade:
"ICYMI: TRUMP ISSUES TPP CHALLENGE TO CLINTON - WILL SHE ANSWER?
 
 ""Declaring American Economic Independence

Relevant excerpt follows below. Read the full footnoted speech here: ""Declaring American Economic Independence""


 who can spend vast amounts of money to influence the people on the commissions and the outcomes.

 then

 and even called it the gold standard. Hillary Clinton was totally for the TPP just a short while ago.

 too. And I will tell you

 if it is put before her. And that is guaranteed. Guaranteed.

 just as she has betrayed American workers for Wall Street and throughout — throughout her career. Her whole career she has betrayed the American worker. She is trying to put on a good front now

 ever forget NAFTA. Just never ever forget it

 declare the TPP Pact fixed and ram it through and you will suffer. That is why Hillary is now only saying she has problems with TPP in its current form.

 she can rush to embrace it again and she will at the earliest opportunity. If the media doesn't believe me
Trump Challenges Media: Ask Pro-TPP Hillary if She'll Withdraw from TPP on First Day in Office:
New Q poll out! We are going to win the whole deal- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"A true innovator & coaching personality- rest in peace
"Good morning America! We had a phenomenal time in Ohio last night! The MOVEMENT continues to grow! Preparing to depart for Maine now- stay tuned
"Thank you for a phenomenal evening
"TRUMP CAMPAIGN STATEMENT ON RECENT ISTANBUL ATTACK

Our prayers are with the families of those killed and injured in Istanbul. The whole world is stunned and horrified.

 and do everything in our power to improve our security to keep America safe."
Legendary coach Pat Summitt left a legacy as the winningest coach in women's Division I college basketball. She will be missed. RIP Pat Summitt.
"Check it out -- 2nd video on Lying Crooked Hillary is now online! Watch it here https://www.lyingcrookedhillary.com/lie/clinton-lies-about-classified-material-on-her-secret-server


"""Hillary Clinton says 'no actionable intelligence' of threat in Benghazi. Obama and Hillary failures led to the tragic and unnecessary deaths of four brave Americans.  Shame on them."
"""Government is not the solution to our problem; Government is the problem.""

"The media is unrelenting. They will only go with and report a story in a negative light. I called Brexit (Hillary was wrong)
"Crooked Hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the U.S. Senate
"George Will
"People in our country want borders
Crooked Hillary Clinton got Brexit wrong. I said LEAVE will win. She has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. Only a question of time
Great shot Kai! Thank you for joining me in Scotland!
"Hillary Clinton is not a change agent
"Hillary Clinton made $21.6 million giving secret speeches to Wall Street and special interests in less than 2 years. Now
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is giving a speech now- discussing the Orlando attack. She pivoted to gun control again -- and restrictions. She refused to mention terrorism as the cause of the shooting in Orlando. 

 the Florida resident suspected of killing 50 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando
This Is Consistent With Clinton's Past Denials Of Radical Islam

 that's a different thing. Radical elements who use a dangerous and distorted view of Islam to promote their jihadist ambitions
"CROOKED HILLARY ATTACKS FOREIGN GOVERNMENT DONATIONS

 If Ever

Timeline Photos
Clinton News Network caught once again making up facts to defend HRC after my speech. I am exposing Clinton corruption that hurts working families & inner cities.  Powerful elites just don't want things to change.
"Crooked Hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at Turnberry. Shows me hitting shot
TOP 50 FACTS ABOUT HILLARY CLINTON FROM TRUMP 'STAKES OF THE ELECTION' ADDRESS
I have never liked the media term 'mass deportation' - but we must enforce the laws of the land!
Obama has blocked ICE officers and BP from doing their jobs. That ends when I am President!
We only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #AmericaFirst
MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton believes global elites should run your lives. I believe the people should make the decisions. #AmericaFirst #ImWithYou
"I'm with you! Together
"Arrived at Trump International Golf Links Scotland with Donald Jr.
Hillary deleted records of her donor meetings as Secy of State.  She's only in it for herself.  I'm running for you & your family.
Sessions warns America against 'globalist agenda' of Hillary Clinton:
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone in West Virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #ImWithYou
Hillary Clinton believes global elites should run your lives. I believe the people should make the decision. #BelieveInAmerica #ImWithYou
Remember- Crooked Hillary Clinton is a WORLD CLASS LIAR- with terrible JUDGEMENT!
An analysis of new government data by the Center for Immigration Studies shows more than three million new legal and illegal immigrants settled in the United States in 2014 and 2015.
"""Indifferent to truth

 against all these considerations you might prefer the newly fashionable and more media-weighty notion that if you don't show her enough appreciation


"In Scotland with my wonderful kids- Ivanka
"America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with a free & independent UK. We stand together as friends
"Self-determination is the sacred right of all free people's
"Statement Regarding British Referendum on E.U. Membership
 
 and have voted to reassert control over their own politics
 
 the American people will have the chance to re-declare their independence.  Americans will have a chance to vote for trade
"BREAKING NEWS: 
News from The Associated Press
"I want all Americans to succeed together. President Obama's illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for the poorest Americans while making everybody less safe in this age of rising crime and global terrorism. Hillary Clinton has pledged to go even further in the wrong direction. We need a new course
"Busted: Clinton News Network's ""Fact-Check"" Proven 100% False!"
"DONALD J. TRUMP FULLY EXTINGUISHES CAMPAIGN LOAN OF MORE THAN $50 MILLION

 
 NY) June 23

 he has personally invested in excess of $50 million dollars in the future of our country. Unlike the all talk

 Mr. Trump and the campaign have assembled an exceptional fundraising operation
"Hillary has no shame! The Benghazi attacks were a preventable tragedy disgraced further by Hillary's web of lies. #CrookedHillary

Lying Crooked Hillary
"Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been ""disqualifying."""
Crooked Hillary Clinton is a WORLD CLASS LIAR!
Time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary says things can't change. I say they have to change. It's a choice between Americanism and her corrupt globalism. #ImWithYou
"DONALD J. TRUMP ON THE STAKES OF THE ELECTION

Today I'd like to share my thoughts about the stakes in this election.

People have asked me why I am running for President.

I have built an amazing business that I love and I get to work side-by-side with my children every day.

We come to work together and turn visions into reality.

 and then we make it happen.

 and I am grateful beyond words to the nation that has allowed me to do it.

 I quickly answer: I am running to give back to this country which has been so good to me.

 or the dilapidated airports

 we can come back bigger and better and stronger than ever before --Jobs

 I see the possibilities of what our country could be. But we can't solve any of these problems by relying on the politicians who created them.

We will never be able to fix a rigged system by counting on the same people who rigged it in the first place.

The insiders wrote the rules of the game to keep themselves in power and in the money.

 this includes fixing all of our many disastrous trade deals.

Because it's not just the political system that's rigged. It's the whole economy.

It's rigged by big donors who want to keep down wages.

 fire our workers

It's rigged by bureaucrats who are trapping kids in failing schools.

 the American people.

 as most people know

 or her phony landing in Bosnia where she said she was under attack but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers

Brian Williams' career was destroyed for saying far less.

 she even tried to attack me and my many businesses. But here is the bottom line: I started off in Brooklyn New York

 the American worker

 and we are going to Make America Great again.

 or by the politicians.

Here is my promise to the American voter:

 I will end the special interest monopoly in Washington

The other candidate in this race has spent her entire life making money for special interests – and taking money from special interests.

Hillary Clinton has perfected the politics of personal profit and theft.

 and many others

 when she left

 she and Bill made $153 million giving speeches to lobbyists

 and that will never change.

 or surrendering our last scrap of independence to their total and complete control.

Those are the stakes.

 or

She believes she is entitled to the office.

Her campaign slogan is ""I'm with her.""

You know what my response to that is? I'm with you: the American people.

She thinks it's all about her.

I know it's all about you – I know it's all about making America Great Again for All Americans.

Our country lost its way when we stopped putting the American people first.

 focusing on how to make money for large corporations who can move their wealth and workers to foreign countries all to the detriment of the American worker and the American economy.

 and we punish companies for doing business in America and keeping our workers employed.

This is not a rising tide that lifts all boats.

This is a wave of globalization that wipes out our middle class and our jobs.

 once again

That's what we mean by America First.

 bringing our once great manufacturing capabilities back to our shores.

Our Founders understood this.

One of the first major bills signed by George Washington called for ""the encouragement and protection of manufactur[ing]"" in America.[5]

 Abraham Lincoln

""The abandonment of the protective policy by the American government will produce want and ruin among our people.""[6]

I have visited the cities and towns across America and seen the devastation caused by the trade policies of Bill and Hillary Clinton.

 just like she supported China's entrance into the World Trade Organization.[7]

We've lost nearly one-third of our manufacturing jobs since these two Hillary-backed agreements were signed.[8]

 but rather scorned.[9]

Then she let China steal hundreds of billions of dollars in our intellectual property – a crime which is continuing to this day.[10]

 and effectively let China completely rebuild itself.

 Hillary Clinton got rich!

 by Peter Schweitzer

She gets rich making you poor.

 Bill Clinton gave a number of speeches that were underwritten by the Chinese government and its supporters.""

These funds were paid to the Clinton bank account while Hillary was negotiating with China on behalf of the United States.[11]

 and our country

 which will ship millions more of our jobs overseas – and give up Congressional power to an international foreign commission.[12]

 because I have pointed out why it would be such a disastrous deal

 she will adopt the Trans-Pacific Partnership

 but they have to be great for the United States and our workers.

 but we will once I become president.

 but our foreign policy too.

The Hillary Clinton foreign policy has cost America thousands of lives and trillions of dollars – and unleashed ISIS across the world.

 more often

 destruction and terrorism everywhere she touched.

 Chris Stevens. He was left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed -- that's right

Ambassador Stevens and his staff in Libya made hundreds of requests for security.[14]

Hillary Clinton's State Department refused them all.

 denied him the security he asked for

 Hillary lied about a video being the cause of his death.[15]

Here is what one of the victim's mothers had to say:

 and you don't want this person to be president.""[16]

 before Hillary Clinton was sworn in

Libya was cooperating.

Iraq was seeing a reduction in violence.

Syria was under control.

Iran was being choked by sanctions.

Egypt was governed by a friendly regime that honored its peace treaty with Israel.

ISIS wasn't even on the map.

 Secretary Clinton managed

to almost single-handedly destabilize the entire Middle East.

Her invasion of Libya handed the country over to the ISIS barbarians.

 Iran is now the dominant Islamic power in the Middle East

Hillary Clinton's support for violent regime change in Syria has thrown the country into one of the bloodiest civil wars anyone has ever seen – while giving ISIS a launching pad for terrorism against the West.[17]

 but Clinton has opened the Pandora's box of radical Islam.

 there was the disastrous strategy of announcing our departure date from Iraq

ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made.

 and peaceful Muslims across the world

 Hillary Clinton's tryout for the presidency has produced one deadly foreign policy disaster after another.

It all started with her bad judgment in supporting the War in Iraq in the first place.[19]

 I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war

 because when she got into power

 the judgment and the competence to lead.

In the words of a Secret Service agent posted outside the Oval Office:

""She simply lacks the integrity and temperament to serve

 I know this to be true…Her leadership style – volcanic

Perhaps the most terrifying thing about Hillary Clinton's foreign policy is that she refuses to acknowledge the threat posed by Radical Islam.

 Hillary Clinton supports a radical 550% increase in Syrian refugees coming into the United States

 we would admit hundreds of thousands of refugees from the most dangerous countries on Earth – with no way to screen who they are or what they believe.[23] [24]

 hundreds of recent immigrants and their children have been convicted of terrorist activity inside the U.S.[25]

 one of the most repressive anti-gay and anti-women regimes on Earth.[26]

I only want to admit people who share our values and love our people.

Hillary Clinton wants to bring in people who believe women should be enslaved and gays put to death.

000 foreign donations Hillary failed to disclose while at the State Department.[27]

Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.

 Clinton Cash:

 and other oppressive regimes. So what did this company do? For the first time ever
 while 9 investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.[29]
Hillary Clinton appointed a top donor to a national security board with top secret access – even though he had no national security credentials.[30]
000 in jewelry from the government of Brunei when she was Secretary of State – plus millions more for her foundation. The Sultan of Brunei has pushed oppressive Sharia law
 where being gay is also punishable by death.[32]
 Qatar
 Hillary Clinton illegally stashed her State Department emails on a private server.

Her server was easily hacked by foreign governments – perhaps even by her financial backers in Communist China – putting all of America in danger.[34]

000 emails she deleted.[35]

 our enemies probably do.

So they probably now have a blackmail file over someone who wants to be President of the United States.

This fact alone disqualifies her from the Presidency.

 darkest secrets may be in the hands of our enemies.

National security is also immigration security – and Hillary wants neither.

Hillary Clinton has put forward the most radical immigration platform in the history of the United States.

 end virtually all immigration enforcement

The first victims of her radical policies will be poor African-American and Hispanic workers who need jobs. They are the ones she will hurt the most.

Let me share with you a letter our campaign received from Mary Ann Mendoza.

 Police Sergeant Brandon Mendoza

 the Mendoza family is just one of thousands who have suffered the same fate.

Here is an excerpt from Mrs. Mendoza's letter:

 who already has the blood of so many on her hands

 on top of the current record level of immigration.

 we could rebuild every inner city in America.

 and unemployed Americans out of work. She can't claim to care about African-American and Hispanic workers when she wants to bring in millions of new low-wage workers to compete against them.

Here are a few things a Trump Administration will do for America in the first 100 days:

Appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution. Hillary Clinton's radical judges will virtually abolish the 2nd amendment.
Change immigration rules to give unemployed Americans an opportunity to fill good-paying jobs
 of which there are many
Cancel rules and regulations that send jobs overseas
Lift restrictions on energy production
Repeal and replace job-killing Obamacare -- it is a disaster.
Pass massive tax reform to create millions of new jobs.
Impose tough new ethics rules to restore dignity to the Office of Secretary of State.
There is one common theme in all of these reforms.

It's going to be America First.

This is why the stakes in November are so great.

 the politicians stand trial before the people.

The voters are the jury. Their ballots are the verdict. We don't need or want another Clinton or Obama.

 the American people will have a chance to issue a verdict on the politicians that have sacrificed their security

 bold ideas and enormous possibilities for the American people.

Hillary Clinton's message is old and tired. Her message is that can't change.

My message is that things have to change – and this is our one chance do it. This is our last chance to do it.

 that dug out the Panama Canal

Then we started thinking small.

 and became reliant on other countries

 and daring.

But that's not who we are.

 we can bring America back – bigger and better

We will build the greatest infrastructure on the planet earth – the roads and railways and airports of tomorrow.

Our military will have the best technology and finest equipment – we will bring it back all the way.

Massive new factories will come roaring into our country – breathing life and hope into our communities.

 which have been horribly abused by Hillary Clinton and the Democrat Party

Construction is what I know -- nobody knows it better.

 along with the new jobs. Hillary's massive taxation

We are also going to be supporting our police and law enforcement -- we can never forget the great job they do.

I am also going to appoint great Supreme Court Justices.

Our country is going to start working again.

People are going to start working again.

Parents are going to start dreaming big for their children again – including parents in our inner cities.

Americans are going to start believing in the future or our country.

We are going to make America rich again.

We are going to make America safe again.

We are going to make America Great Again – and Great Again For EVERYONE.

------------------------------------------------------

 3/17/2008)

"" Hillary Clinton

"" Hillary Clinton

 ""$153 million in Bill and Hillary Clinton speaking fees

 Secretary Home Market Club

 Complete Works

 ""A Timeline Of Hillary Clinton's Evolution On Trade"" NPR

"" Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis

"" U.S. Census Report

"" The IP Commission Report

 ""Fact-checking 'Clinton Cash' author on claim about Bill Clinton's speaking fees

 ""Fast-Track Would Give Obama Green Light To Form EU-Inspired 'Pacific Union

 6/11/2016)

 ""More Than 600 Benghazi Security Requests Never Reached Clinton's Desk

 ""State Department Belatedly Releases New Clinton Benghazi Documents

'"" Fox News

 ""Death Toll From War in Syria Now 470

"" NBC News

 ""Hillary Clinton says her Iraq war vote was a 'mistake

 ""Your World With Neil Cavuto

"" Fox News

 ""Hillary Clinton: U.S. should take 65

 ""Politifact Says Trump Is Right: Hillary Clinton Supports '500% Increase in Syrian Refugees'"" Breitbart

 ""FBI Director Admits U.S. Will Have No Basis to Vet Some Syrian Refugees"" CNS News

 ""Anatomy of the terror threat: Files shed light on nature

 ""Father of Orlando shooter hosted political show on Afghan-Pakistan issues

 ""Clinton Foundation Failed to Disclose 1

 ""Bill Clinton Cashed In When Hillary Became Secretary of State

 ""Cash Flowed to Clinton Foundation Amid Russian Uranium Deal

 ""Clinton Foundation Donors Got Weapons Deals From Hillary Clinton's State Department

"" Department of State

 ""Rights groups silent as Clinton Foundation takes millions from countries that imprison gays

"" Clinton Foundation

 ""Clinton server faced hacking from China

 ""Report: FBI pulls deleted emails from Hillary Clinton's server

 ""Hillary Clinton Calls Trump a 'Bully' Who Threatens Economy

 ""Mom is angry that man who killed son wasn't deported
"I'M WITH YOU!

Buy One Now!
"Clinton attacked Trump for using foreign workers ignoring the times she utilized H-1B visas to get foreign workers for her foundation.

 Vena Cooper

 But Available Data Shows They Sought To Hire Up To 130 Foreign Graduates."" (Neil Munro
"Crooked Hillary is now saying she will create jobs

 Crooked Hillary promised 200

Clinton Pivot: Clinton Failed To Deliver The Jobs She Promised When Elected As A Senator

000 Jobs In Upstate New York When She Campaigned For Senator In 2000. ""She's reminded of it all the time around here

500 Jobs During Her First Term As Senator

 Calling It ""A Little Exuberant."" Clinton recently called the promise 'a little exuberant.' During Tuesday's debate with Barack Obama
"Crooked Hillary Clinton has proposed debt-free college

 changes in student borrowing and tuition are interlinked. Higher tuition costs raise loan demand

 with a sizable pass-through effect on tuition of about 65 percent."" (David Lucca

 private institutions that are somewhat

 college debt can be a disincentive to attend or a crushing burden afterward. For others

 for example

 ""Regardless Of Financial Need
"Here I am with Mary Ann Mendoza
Our country is going to start working again. Americans are going to start believing in the future of our country- we are going to make America SAFE & GREAT again!
My message is that things have to change & that this is our one chance- and maybe our only chance!
Our country will be better off when we start making our own products again.
I'll appoint judges who will uphold the Constitution of the United States.
"To cover up her corrupt dealings
Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency of the United States of America.
ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made.
We have to go back to putting our American people first!
"MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! 

Released Criminal Aliens Committed Nearly 10 Times More Crimes Than Obama Administration told Obama:
Crooked Hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! She will be a disaster for jobs and the economy!
Crooked Hillary Clinton & Obama Recovery has Left Millions Behind!
THE CHOICE COME THIS NOVEMBER- IS CLEAR!
"TREAT PEOPLE WITH DIGNITY? HILLARY TAKES MILLIONS FROM REGIMES THAT BRUTALIZE WOMEN & LGBT RESIDENTS:
 
 ""If you believe as I do

Versus

 Hillary Clinton uses State Department access and favors to rake in massive sums of money from some of the most oppressive regimes on planet Earth.

 If Ever

 Hillary Clinton Now ""Finds Herself Under Attack For Her Family Foundation's Acceptance Of Millions Of Dollars In Donations From Middle Eastern Countries Known For Violence Against Women And For Denying Them Many Basic Freedoms."" ""It was supposed to be a carefully planned anniversary to mark one of the most important and widely praised moments in Hillary Rodham Clinton's political career — and to remind the country

 However

 her nascent candidacy has been plagued by criticism surrounding her family foundation's acceptance of contributions from foreign governments and companies in countries with spotty human rights records and business before the U.S. government."" (Kenneth Vogel and Josh Gerstein

250
CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON: FOR SALE!
"Hillary defrauded America as Secretary of State. She used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! Corrupt
Hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays.
Obama-Clinton inherited $10T in debt and turned it into nearly $20T. They have bankrupted America while making their donors rich!
How can Hillary run the economy when she can't even send emails without putting entire nation at risk?
"Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State
"Crooked Hillary says this election is about judgment. She's right. Her judgement has killed thousands
I will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of Crooked Hillary Clinton.
"DONALD J. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT- CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:

 2016. To date

 ""If need be
"Crooked Hillary Clinton is totally unfit to be our president- really bad judgement and a temperament
"My plan will end waste
We are going to build a wall - and make America SAFE again!
"The Obama Administrations policy of see no evil
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created!
We will build the wall - and make the United States of America SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
"For a start - Crooked Hillary should return the $10M-$25M back to Saudi Arabia
Wishing of all the fathers out there a wonderful day ahead! Enjoy it! #FathersDay
"THANK YOU Phoenix
If elected President - I WILL REPEAL & REPLACE OBAMACARE!
"I love you Las Vegas
WE ARE GOING TO SAVE THE SECOND AMENDMENT!
"Crooked Hillary Clinton has endorsed Philly's soda tax
Thank you for your amazing support. It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"It's clear: scandals and controversies follow the Clintons
"Unbelievable! I love you Houston
"""This is America -- we need to see who is coming into this country!"" Eric Trump"
"Departing San Antonio
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
"In my life
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
People very unhappy with Crooked Hillary and Obama on JOBS and SAFETY! Biggest trade deficit in many years! More attacks will follow Orlando.
"WOW! THANK YOU DALLAS
"THROWBACK THURSDAY:
 after a landslide victory. Will never forget it. I love my family
"Crooked Hillary Clinton rakes in millions from nations that fund terrorism
"STATEMENT ON AFL-CIO ENDORSEMENT OF HILLARY CLINTON

 D.C. that benefits only the insiders.

I believe their members will be voting for me in much larger numbers than for her.

 special interests and oppressive foreign regimes. As Bernie Sanders said

 Vietnam

'Hillary Clinton racked up a $1 trillion trade deficit with China – all while China was funneling a small fortune to Hillary via speaking fees paid to Bill.

 Hillary Clinton sides with Wall Street too. Bernie Sanders correctly warned that open borders ""would substantially lower wages in this country

 Hillary Clinton wants to shut down the coal mines

Her massive proposed increase in taxes and regulations will also send millions of jobs overseas.

 African-American and Hispanic workers on trade

 union workers have long believed in having an open and free society. Yet Hillary takes money from regimes that support the murder of gays and the enslavement of women while pushing to bring people into America who want to do the exact same thing to our people. I only want to bring people into our country who will love and support everyone.

 and I will fight for their right to elect leaders who will do the same. I will be a president for ALL Americans."
NOT UNDER MY WATCH!
FUNDING TERRORISM --- AND THE CLINTONS.
How fast a year goes by- when you are having fun meeting unbelievable Americans from coast to coast. I have the best interests of the United States of America at heart- and want to make America SAFE and GREAT again with you!
"Thank you for your amazing support! I enjoyed the below video
"We are taking in thousands
"GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Wow!

 today

 I have travelled this great country and met many incredible Americans at our rallies. Yesterday in Atlanta

 your overwhelming support showed that our campaign had the message that resonated with hard- working Americans

 on both sides of the aisle. We wouldn't be talking about illegal immigration. We wouldn't be talking about the drugs pouring in and the bad trade deals costing American jobs. We wouldn't have called the terrorist attack in Orlando for what it is: radical Islamic terrorism. Politicians are all talk and no action. 

 led to resounding victories in the Republican Primary race

 has buoyed us to many victories and is truly heartwarming. While we are thankful for the phenomenal success we have enjoyed in the past year

Thank you again for your support.

 

Donald J. Trump

TEXT TRUMP TO 88022 TO GET EXCLUSIVE UPDATES

 you consent to receive automated text messages from the campaign. Standard messaging rates apply.***

Timeline Photos
"There has never been a candidate for President more UNETHICAL AND UNTRUSTWORTHY than Crooked Hillary Clinton! ""LIKE"" if you agree!"
"I will be meeting with the NRA
"Elton John and his longtime boyfriend

 and they get along wonderfully. It's a marriage that's going to work
"I love you Georgia! THANK YOU for your support on such short notice
"Hillary Clinton --- is CROOKED!

 the terrorist group that became the Islamic State."""
In order to make America SAFE - we cannot be politically correct!
"THANK YOU Greensboro
"After deleting video from the American people
Happy Flag Day to all my fellow American's! Thank you for your incredible support. I love you all!
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
HAPPY 241st BIRTHDAY to the U.S. Army! THANK YOU!
AMERICA FIRST!
"American must now get very tough
Trump properties are flying the flag at half-mast to honor the victims in #Orlando.
Crooked Hillary says we must call on Saudi Arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. I am calling on her to immediately return the $25 million plus she got from them for the Clinton Foundation!
Saudi Arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the Clinton Foundation want women as slaves and to kill gays. Hillary must return all money from such countries!
"Based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting Trump campaign
"I am no fan of President Obama
"DONALD J. TRUMP ADDRESSES TERRORISM

Thank you for joining me today.

 especially in these times of Radical Islamic Terrorism

 who has seen her under pressure and in times of stress

 and I will deliver that speech soon.

But today there is only one thing to discuss: the growing threat of terrorism inside of our borders.

 Florida

 so many people gravely injured

The horror is beyond description.

 our whole nation

 the wounded

 as one people

I would like to ask now that we all observe a moment of silence for the victims of the attack.

Our nation stands together in solidarity with the members of Orlando's LGBT Community.

This is a very dark moment in America's history.

 but in order to execute gay and lesbian citizens because of their sexual orientation.

It is a strike at the heart and soul of who we are as a nation.

 love who they want and express their identity.

It is an attack on the right of every single American to live in peace and safety in their own country.

 purpose and determination.

But the current politically correct response cripples our ability to talk and think and act clearly.

 and we don't get smart – and fast – we're not going to have a country anymore -- there will be nothing left.

 whose name I will not use

The bottom line is that the only reason the killer was in America in the first place was because we allowed his family to come here.

 and it's a fact we need to talk about.

 and it does not permit us to protect our citizens.

 and if I am not elected President

 and dozens more wounded

 and was met with great scorn and anger but now

 as he deems appropriate.

 I will suspend immigration from areas of the world when there is a proven history of terrorism against the United States

 impartial and long overdue security assessment

 many of whom have the same thought process as this savage killer.

Many of the principles of Radical Islam are incompatible with Western values and institutions.

 anti-gay and anti-American.

 Christian people

It's not just a national security issue. It is a quality of life issue.

 gay and straight

 also

We are importing Radical Islamic Terrorism into the West through a failed immigration system -- and through an intelligence community held back by our president.

Even our own FBI Director has admitted that we cannot effectively check the backgrounds of the people we are letting into America.

All of the September 11th hijackers were issued visas.

Large numbers of Somali refugees in Minnesota have tried to join ISIS.

The Boston Bombers came here through political asylum.

 whose name I won't mention -- was the child of immigrants from Pakistan

 99% of people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia Law.

We admit many more from other countries in the region who share these same oppressive views.

 then we have to control our borders.

 Hillary Clinton – for months and despite so many attacks – repeatedly refused to even say the words ""radical Islam

 Hillary Clinton – who has been forced to say the words today after policies she supports have caused us so much damage – still has no clue what Radical Islam is

 and her continuing reluctance to ever name the enemy broadcasts weakness across the world.

 just a few weeks before the San Bernardino slaughter

 which has among the toughest gun laws in the world

 which has given me their earliest endorsement in a Presidential race

 and allow it to grow overseas.

 Hillary Clinton's catastrophic immigration plan will bring vastly more Radical Islamic immigration into this country

 ignorance is not bliss – it's deadly.

 with the support of Hillary Clinton and others

I refuse to be politically correct.

I will do the right thing--I want to straighten things out and to Make America Great Again.

 and they will end soon.

 law enforcement and military the tools they need to prevent terrorist attacks.

 local and federal officials – and with our allies.

 a Director of National Intelligence

We also must ensure the American people are provided the information they need to understand the threat.

The Senate Subcommittee on Immigration has already identified hundreds of immigrants charged with terrorist activities inside the United States since September 11th.

 the Senate Subcommittee asked President Obama's Departments of Justice

These Departments refused to comply.

President Obama must release the full and complete immigration histories of all individuals implicated in terrorist activity of any kind since 9/11.

The public has a right to know how these people got here.

 or support

We have to control the amount of future immigration into this country to prevent large pockets of radicalization from forming inside America.

 just look at what happened in Orlando. Can you imagine large groups?

 our President doesn't know what he is doing. He has failed us

 the United States permanently admits more than 100

 Clinton's State Department was in charge of the admissions process for people applying to enter from overseas.

 she now plans to massively increase admissions without a screening plan

 bigger version of the legendary Trojan Horse.

We can't let this happen.

 under the Clinton plan

The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why she believes immigration from these dangerous countries should be increased without any effective system to screen who we are bringing in.

The burden is on Hillary Clinton to tell us why we should admit anyone into our country who supports violence of any kind against gay and lesbian Americans.

The burden is also on Hillary Clinton to tell us how she will pay for it. Her plan will cost Americans hundreds of billions of dollars long-term.

 including the many poor people already living here?

 they have no documentation

What I want is common sense. I want a mainstream immigration policy that promotes American values.

 or Hillary Clinton's radical immigration policy designed to benefit politically-correct special interests.

 and tough

"" terrorism

 there are many radicalized people already inside our country as a result of the poor policies of the past. But the whole point is that it will be much

 the controversial Mosque attended by the Boston Bombers had as its founder an immigrant from overseas charged in an assassination plot.

This shooter in Orlando was the child of an immigrant father who supported one of the most repressive regimes on Earth. Why would we admit people who support violent hatred?

 gays and anyone who doesn't share their views.

She can't have it both ways. She can't claim to be supportive of these communities while trying to increase the number of people coming in who want to oppress them.

How does this kind of immigration make our life better? How does this kind of immigration make our country better?

Why does Hillary Clinton want to bring people here—in vast numbers—who reject our values?

 who is really the friend of women and the LGBT community

I don't want them in our country.

 and we should not let anyone into this country who doesn't support our communities – all of our communities.

 and we continue to admit millions more with no real checks or scrutiny.

 wages for our workers haven't budged in many years.

 or financial security

 from all backgrounds

 including in partnership with our Muslim communities. But Muslim communities must cooperate with law enforcement and turn in the people who they know are bad – and they do know where they are.

 roads

I want to protect our citizens – all of our citizens.

The terrorist attack on the Pulse Night Club demands a full and complete investigation into every aspect of the assault.

 as an example

 parents

 if any

 and who he travelled with.

We need to make sure every single last person involved in this plan – including anyone who knew something but didn't tell us – is brought to justice.

 and did not give this information to authorities

 especially people who are potential victims of crimes based on their backgrounds or sexual orientations.

It also means we must change our foreign policy.

 then pushing for the overthrow of the regime in Syria

 along with our disastrous Iran deal

 not nation-building.

 the last major NATO mission was Hillary Clinton's war in Libya. That mission helped unleash ISIS on a new continent.

 NATO has since announced a new initiative focused on just that.

 just like we did against communism in the Cold War.

 we got ISIS

I'd like to conclude my remarks today by again expressing our solidarity with the people of Orlando who have come under attack.

 I pledge to protect and defend all Americans who live inside of our borders. Wherever they come from

America will be a tolerant and open society.

America will also be a safe society.

We will protect our borders at home.

We will defeat ISIS overseas.

We will ensure every parent can raise their children in peace and safety.

We will make America rich again.

We will make America safe again.

We will make American Great Again.

Timeline Photos
"Moment of silence for all of the victims in Orlando
Trump properties are flying the flag at half-mast to honor the victims in #Orlando.
"Heading to New Hampshire with my team now
All Trump properties are flying the flag at half-mast to honor the victims in #Orlando.
"DONALD J. TRUMP STATEMENT REGARDING TRAGIC TERRORIST ATTACK IN ORLANDO

 our nation was attacked by a radical Islamic terrorist. It was the worst terrorist attack on our soil since 9/11

 President Obama disgracefully refused to even say the words 'Radical Islam'. For that reason alone

 we are not going to have a country anymore. Because our leaders are weak

 Omar Mir Saddique Mateen

000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year. Since 9/11

 bringing in many hundreds of thousands during a first term – and we will have no way to screen them

 of all backgrounds and all beliefs


What has happened in Orlando is just the beginning. Our leadership is weak and ineffective. I called it and asked for the ban. Must be tough!
Is President Obama going to finally mention the words radical Islamic terrorism? If he doesn't he should immediately resign in disgrace!
"While I greatly appreciate everybody congratulating me for being right on radical Islamic terrorism
"Horrific incident in Orlando
"This is only the beginning. Hillary is CROOKED! She is not capable of making America great again. Sadly
"Most people think small because they are afraid of success
"Wow- amazing Pittsburgh
I love you Florida! We need to WIN in NOVEMBER! Thank you for an unbelievable rally today. I will never forget it --- and thank you to our AMAZING law enforcement officers!
Everyone has plenty of proof regarding Crooked Hillary's deceptions. The story has only just begun.
"""Donald Trump Broadens Base of support
"2004 VIDEO:
SHOCK VIDEO : 2004 Elizabeth Warren Describes Hillary as a Corporate Donor Puppet
"Thank you Richmond
Thank you Faith and Freedom Coalition! An honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.
#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary
I rarely agree with President Obama- however he is 100% correct about Crooked Hillary Clinton. Great ad!
"Crooked Hillary Clinton's email scandal
"I would have had many millions of votes more than Crooked Hillary Clinton except for the fact that I had 16 opponents
THROWBACK THURSDAY:

"I condemn

 but some facts have already emerged — and they are grim.

 calling the attackers ""heroes."" Reports out of Hebron indicate that residents of the terrorists' hometown lit up the night sky with celebratory fireworks. One Palestinian ""news organization"" even referred to the shootings

 who have suffered far too long from terrorism. Israel's security is a matter of paramount importance to me and the American people.
 
"" change is long overdue in the Palestinian territories.

Let us begin the arduous task of creating a future where peace can take root and terror finds no refuge.
  
 as well as my wishes for a speedy recovery to the wounded.


Obama just endorsed Crooked Hillary. He wants four more years of Obama—but nobody else does!
"I could not do it without you
"In the end
"I am honored by your support.

 we accomplished what nobody thought was possible – and we're only getting started.

 but a testament to all the people like you who believed real change is possible. I would like to thank the amazing volunteers across the United States- who helped us secure the nomination as well. I love you!

 winning 37 states from New Hampshire

 and I won't let you down. I will make you proud of your party

 we must be vigilant

 rebuild our infrastructure

 we have incredible potential and I am the leader this country needs to Make America Great Again.

Thank you again for your support.

Timeline Photos
"If you love what you do
Timeline Photos
"Thank you California
Crooked Hillary Clinton --- not very presidential.
Thank you Republican National Committee.
THANK YOU to my unbelievable family- for their incredible support of my candidacy-- love you all!
Thank you California! #Trump2016
Thank you New Mexico! #Trump2016
Thank you South Dakota! #Trump2016
Thank you New Jersey! #Trump2016
Thank you Montana! #Trump2016
"Thank you America! Forever grateful for the unbelievable amount of support you have given me since I announced my candidacy on June 16
"STATEMENT REGARDING TRUMP UNIVERSITY

 but

 I have watched as the media has reported one inaccuracy after another concerning the ongoing litigation involving Trump University. There are several important facts the public should know and that the media has failed to report.

 valuable education based upon a curriculum developed by professors from Northwestern University

 the original plaintiff in the litigation

 a lead plaintiffs in the litigation

 who has been critical of Trump University in numerous interviews and negative advertisements from my political opponents

 these are just a few of literally thousands of positive surveys

 the company had a generous refund policy

 legal issues in a civil case would be heard in a neutral environment. However

 General Motors

 questions were raised regarding the Obama appointed Judge's impartiality. It is a fair question. I hope it is not the case.

 it is now scheduled for trial in November. I do not intend to comment on this matter any further. With all of the thousands of people who have given the courses such high marks and accolades


"See
Crooked Hillary under attack for her family foundation's acceptance of millions of dollars in donations from Middle Eastern countries known for violence against women and for denying them many basic freedoms.
"Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken.
Join me on Instagram! 
Timeline Photos
"The Clinton News Network
"Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement
Crooked Hillary refuses to say guns are constitutional. She will abolish the 2nd amendment. We can't let it happen!
I am very proud of my daughter Ivanka Trump - she is a great role model for so many young women. Excited to read her new book when it comes out!
"Remembering the fallen heroes on #DDay - June 6
The values and contributions of America's Latino community play a significant role in the history and future of our great country.  I am proud to have their growing support. #LatinosForTrump #Trump2016
"Hillary Clinton is unfit to be president. She has bad judgement
We cannot pretend the problem does does not exist. We need to build the wall- in order to make America safe now-- and for future generations!
"In my life
Timeline Photos
"Muhammad Ali was two people. In the ring
Good morning America. Thank you! An amazing MOVEMENT continues to grow. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I don't have time for political correctness and neither does this country. Donald J. Trump
"""This is organized violence. This is a system of intimidation and criminality."" 
Fox Business
San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo did a terrible job of ordering the  protection of innocent people. The thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful!
"Amazing photos from San Jose rally
"Virtually every pundit
Muhammad Ali is dead at 74! A truly great champion and a wonderful guy. He will be missed by all!
"Terrible jobs report just reported. Only 38
"Unbelievable - Redding
"Bad performance with foreign policy ""speech"" yesterday
Why aren't Bill & Crooked Hillary being sued for their massive education scandal?
"Thank you! I will not let you down!

 I'm proud to be Hispanic and I'm 100% behind Trump."""
"Thank you for the incredible amount of support last night- San Jose
Natalie Gulbis- Thank you for the nice piece in Sports Illustrated / GOLF.com. Keep up the great work!
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!
"Republican voters have sent the Washington establishment a message in the form of our presidential nominee. It is loud
We will build a wall - and let people enter LEGALLY. We are going to make America safer -- now and for future generations to come!
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!
"You will find honesty
"Time to clean up Washington ASAP! We DO NOT need another 4/8 years of Obama in the White House via Crooked Hillary. If you vote Trump in November
"WOW! Amazing Sacramento
Just arrived at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) -- heading to Sacramento for a rally that begins at 10pmE! Join me live in 2 hours: http://rsbn.tv/watch-donald-trump-rally-sacramento-ca-live-stream/
"We said we would do it - and thanks to your support
Thank you Bernie Marcus - I am deeply concerned as well. Very nice read. If elected to be the next President of the United States of America - - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thoughts and prayers are with everyone at UCLA right now.
I will immediately repeal ObamaCare!
Thank you America! We are only just beginning. We will begin MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN -- come January 2017!
The press is so dishonest and so unfair - they should be ashamed of themselves! Find out how much Crooked Hillary Clinton has given to the Veterans -- nothing!
"Katie Couric
Just arrived at LaGuardia - flying out to California for a few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I am very grateful for your support
"The Clinton Foundation's business relationship with 20 foreign governments raises real questions about her judgment. Simply put
"Al Baldasaro
"I should have easily won the Trump University case on summary judgement but have a judge
I hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
Have a great Memorial Day and remember that we will soon MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will never forget yesterdays gathering (Rolling Thunder) down in Washington D.C. as we remembered those who have fought - and still do -- to give us the very freedoms we have today.
Happy Memorial Day. We are free because of the brave. Remembering those who have died for our freedom. #NeverForget #HonorThem
The good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics. That's because I am standing 100% behind everything we do.
Honor Memorial Day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! We love them.
I am honored to accept the Police Officers Association of Michigan endorsement! I will not let you down --- THANK YOU! See you soon!
These families are always in my thoughts and prayers. I will always make myself available to them. They should not be going thru what they are today- it should have never happened! #BuildTheWall
"The U.S. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. How nice
I (we) broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a Republican Primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! Thank you.
"Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. We have to appreciate & respect our police! 

Thank you for your support- North Dakotans. I love you! WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Two unbelievable rallies yesterday- in Fresno & San Diego
Thank you Billy Joel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at MSG. Appreciate it- love your music!
We need to be smart – we need fresh thinking to Make America Great Again!
Thank you to all of our law enforcement agencies throughout the country! #Respect
The Inspector General's report on Crooked Hillary Clinton is a disaster. Such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the White House.
"When I am elected POTUS

AMERICA FIRST ENERGY PLAN
"The protesters in New Mexico were thugs who were flying the Mexican flag. The rally inside was big and beautiful
Crooked Hillary gets caught lying again. #CrookedHillary  #Trump2016
"Today we
Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016
Delivered a speech on energy policy this afternoon in North Dakota. Thank you for the kind feedback - and amazing support!
"Honored to say
"You never know who will pull up to you and say
There is ALWAYS TIME to sing the NATIONAL ANTHEM! I love America - and want to give back -- so we can make America great again!
Joining Jimmy Kimmel tonight at 11:35pmE on ABC- 15 minutes! Tune in & enjoy!
"Thank you Anaheim
Great shot Ivanka! We can't wait to host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open at Trump National Golf Club- Bedminster! www.TrumpGolf.com
No one is protecting American Jobs! We need FAIR trade fast!
A wonderfully written article concerning Israel- and true!
Terrific news in Virginia. Thank you for your tremendous support! I have a lot of amazing memories in Virginia - and I look forward to campaigning with you in the general!
Thank you Washington! #Trump2016
"WOW - what a welcome - and what a rally. THANK YOU for coming out in record numbers on a Tuesday night. Everyone get out and VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday
Thank you Daily Mail- for setting the failing New York Times story straight. This is what the NYT's should have written!
I will always put the interests of America first! We must be smart! We must be strong!
"The current state of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is absolutely unacceptable! As #POTUS
A suggestion for the dishonest media.
"In trade
Just another example of the Obama Administration's lack of knowledge or care for our HEREOS (Veterans.) An absolute disgrace! I will take care of our Veterans - unlike Crooked Hillary Clinton!
"Thank you America! I am only getting started- as we cannot have Crooked Hillary Clinton in the White House. We want our country moving forwards
Is Hillary really protecting women?
"Crooked Hillary Clinton says a lot of things that sounds great for VOTE - but in reality
The American people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists!
I love this country - and I want to give back! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! Would be four more years of stupidity!
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
Just another indication that Crooked Hillary Clinton could never rebuild our suffering economy and the $19 TRILLION IN DEBT -- and growing! Vote Trump this November and I guarantee you that I will be the greatest job creating president - God has ever created!
"Crooked Hillary Clintons foreign interventions unleashed ISIS in Syria
Corporal Ryan Stickney- you are welcome. Thank you & your fellow Marines for your service to the United States of America! It is time for us to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. You are our true heroes! #ArmedForcesDay
Crooked Hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. No more guns to protect Hillary!
"An honor to receive the support from golfing legend
Thank you for the wonderful endorsement today- Congressman Trey Gowdy. It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint!
"The Second Amendment to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. Period.
Timeline Photos
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!
Wow! What an honor! I am grateful to the NRA for their support- and first ever endorsement to a presidential candidate prior to the convention. I will never forget it- and I will not let you down. We will protect the SECOND AMENDMENT! Thank you!
"I am on my way- look forward to seeing you!
LIVE COVERAGE FROM THE 2016 ANNUAL MEETINGS
Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!
Wow- another great national poll vs. Crooked Hillary Clinton! We are only just beginning. It's time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
The The New York Times never called me about ungrateful former employee Barbara Res. If they had- I would've shown her many emails begging for her job back!
Thank you Lt. Steven Rogers. We will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017!
Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Democrats - the system is rigged against him. Many of his disenfranchised fans are for me!
Good morning America! Watch Ivanka Trump on CBS This Morning right here! You can see why I am confident in running for President of the United States of America! The Trump Organization will be left in great hands with my kids- I am so proud! It gives me the opportunity to serve you. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"Join me on Sean Hannity at 10pmE tonight! Lots to talk about including my list of 11 potential Supreme Court nominees
Great new Fox News poll just released. Thank you for your support America! Crooked Hillary Clinton will NOT win in November! We are just getting started- together WE are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"THANK YOU OREGON- I will never forget it! Great job on Sean Hannity- last night
"DONALD J. TRUMP RELEASES LIST OF POTENTIAL UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT JUSTICES
 
 NY) May 18

 ""Justice Scalia was a remarkable person and a brilliant Supreme Court Justice. His career was defined by his reverence for the Constitution and his legacy of protecting Americans' most cherished freedoms. He was a Justice who did not believe in legislating from the bench and he is a person whom I held in the highest regard and will always greatly respect his intelligence and conviction to uphold the Constitution of our country. The following list of potential Supreme Court justices is representative of the kind of constitutional principles I value and

Steven Colloton

 a position he has held since President George W. Bush appointed him in 2003. Judge Colloton has a résumé that also includes distinguished service as the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa

Allison Eid

 Justice Eid served as Colorado's solicitor general and as a law professor at the University of Colorado. Justice Eid attended the University of Chicago Law School

Raymond Gruender

 who sits in St. Louis

Thomas Hardiman

 he served as a judge of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania since 2003. Before his judicial service

Raymond Kethledge

 Judge Kethledge served as judiciary counsel to Michigan Senator Spencer Abraham

Joan Larsen

 she temporarily left academia to work as an Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel. Justice Larsen received her law degree from Northwestern and clerked for Justice Antonin Scalia.

Thomas Lee

 he served on the faculty of Brigham Young University Law School

William Pryor

 Jr. of Alabama is a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. He has served on the court since 2004. Judge Pryor became the Alabama Attorney General in 1997 upon Jeff Sessions's election to the U.S. Senate. Judge Pryor was then elected in his own right in 1998 and reelected in 2002. In 2013

David Stras

 he was elected to a six-year term in 2012. Prior to his judicial service

Diane Sykes

 Judge Sykes had been a Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court since 1999 and a Wisconsin trial court judge of both civil and criminal matters before that. Judge Sykes received her law degree from Marquette.

Don Willett

 Judge Willett worked as a senior fellow at the Texas Public Policy Foundation
I can bring back our jobs and give Americans the opportunity to grow their wages. Politicians should serve the people – not just themselves!
"Paul Begala
"I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged
"Wow
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history!
"Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 
Timeline Photos
"How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA
Thank you for your support GEORGIA! I can't wait to see you soon. Crooked Hillary Clinton does not have a chance in November! I am in this to win it. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be live tweeting my interview with Megyn Kelly on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!
"Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy. If so
Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of women in U.S. political history!
"As bad as our illegal immigration problem is
GOOD MORNING OREGON! I had a wonderful time with you last week. If you did not mail in your vote - it is not too late! You can still get out and VOTE TRUMP at your local municipal clerk's office- by 8pm! Together - we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"It is imperative that we stop being politically correct - we must BUILD THE WALL
"""In politics
"Rowanne Brewer
The Second Amendment to our Constitution is clear. The right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed upon. Period.
"Bernie Sanders is being treated very badly by the Dems. The system is rigged against him. He should run as an independent! Run Bernie
"Ivanka Trump joined Gayle Kind at the Forbes Women's Summit- at Chelsea Piers
"EXCLUSIVE – Huckabee Scolds Anti-Trump Conservatives: ""You Should Be Thanking Him for Broadening the Base."""
"The media is really on a witch-hunt against me. False reporting
"Senator Lindsey Graham called me Thursday
"Thank you- Phil Robertson ""The Duck Commander"" {Duck Dynasty-Duck Dynasty on A&E!} #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
We need to rebuild the infrastructure of OUR country and put Americans back to work!
Why doesn't the failing New York Times write the real story on the Clintons and women? The media is TOTALLY dishonest!
Good morning America! Great news with Evangelical voters in the general election vs. Crooked Hillary. Thank you for your continued support -- we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Great new poll numbers with Latino voters vs. Crooked Hillary Clinton! Thank you! Working together- we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to the 44% of Bernie Sanders supporters- who would support me-- over Crooked Hillary in November.
Look who came by the office yesterday! Thank you Kai!!  Keep up the great work Donald Trump Jr.
Why Crooked Hillary cannot be President - - in 3 minutes on Sean Hannity.
"""It turns out that is exactly what we are getting in Trump. He is a candidate with actual CEO experience
Sheldon Adelson: I endorse Donald Trump for president
"If Crooked Hillary Clinton can't close the deal on Crazy Bernie
"HOUSE CHAIRMEN ENDORSE DONALD J. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT

 DC) May 13

 Mr. Donald J. Trump

 puts our national security in peril

 and it comes through unity. To solidify this partnership

 Mr. Trump released the following statement upon news of the endorsements:

""It is tremendous to be working with these leaders and their colleagues on winning solutions that will really move us forward. A strong House Republican Majority is imperative to fixing the problems facing America and making our country better and stronger than ever before.""

 both nationally and in key battleground states such as Ohio
As President of the United States of America - I will be working for you - the American people! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"""In Donald Trump
"Thank you Meg Meeker
"Trump Campaign Disavows Statements Made by Anthony Senecal
 
 1994 through 
 2009 until he was terminated. He has not been employed by Mar-a-Lago since then --- approximately seven years ago. 


We need strong borders to keep our country safe!
Great meeting with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Republican leaders in D.C. #Trump2016
Great day in D.C. with Speaker Paul Ryan and Republican leadership. Things working out really well!
"A JOINT STATEMENT FROM HOUSE SPEAKER PAUL RYAN AND DONALD J. TRUMP

 which is what Hillary Clinton represents. That is why it's critical that Republicans unite around our shared principles
Our national security is so important. I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton in November. Everyone has to get out and VOTE in 2016! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
"Just arrived at Republican National Committee- Washington
"""Speaker Newt Gingrich pointed out the pay disparity between male and female executives at the Clinton Foundation
"Thank you Nassau County GOP. It was an honor to join everyone this evening. I am grateful for your support with my candidacy! Lets defeat Crooked Hillary in November here in New York
"It is so important to get out and VOTE in 2016. Crooked Hillary Clinton cannot be our next POTUS! Senator Jeff Sessions just warned
One of my top priorities as President will be to stop America's drug epidemic.
"I look very much forward to meeting with Paul Ryan & the GOP Party Leadership tomorrow in DC. Together
The Clintons spend millions on negative ads on me & I can't tell the truth about her husband? Don't feel sorry for crooked Hillary!
"It is a great honor to have won both West Virginia and Nebraska

 and hope to win both states in the general election. Likewise

Thank you!


Thank you Nebraska! #Trump2016
Thank you West Virginia! #Trump2016
Hillary has bad judgment!
"Great polling for Florida
It is only the people that were never asked to be VP that tell the press that they will not take the position.
"When illegal immigrant households receive far more in federal welfare benefits - than ""native American households - there is something CLEARLY WRONG with the system! Continuing this track will NOT MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will fix it

I am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. Any negotiated increase by Congress to my proposal would still be lower than current!
"I will strengthen our military- where nobody will want to mess with us! I thank our active-duty service members who prefer TRUMP 2016 by more than a 2-to-1 margin over Crooked Hillary Clinton. TOGETHER
"Crooked Hillary Clinton says that she got more primary votes than Donald Trump. But I had 17 people to beat—she had one! 

 I would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did!"
"Unfortunately - when some people do not like what they hear
I will win the election against Crooked Hillary despite the people in the Republican Party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me!
"Crooked Hillary just can't close the deal with Bernie. It will be the same way with ISIS
"""A guy just won the Republican nomination for president by spending no money
"HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all of the amazing mothers out there. Enjoy this beautiful piece by my daughter
"West Virginia: Tuesday May 10th


Good morning America! Wishing all of the mothers out there a fabulous day ahead. Enjoy your special day with family & friends!
AMAZING! THANK YOU - WASHINGTON! I am so grateful for all of your support - and I will never forget it! We are going to defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton in November! There is no question about it. The last person Crooked Hillary wants to run against -- is Trump!
"Bernie Sanders says that Crooked Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability
"I am going to keep our jobs in the U.S.
"SENATOR BOB DOLE ENDORSES DONALD J. TRUMP

Donald J. Trump received the support of former U.S. Senator Bob Dole. Senator Dole is also a former Republican Presidential nominee and a former Republican National Committee chairman.

 ""I want to thank Senator Bob Dole for his endorsement. He is a wonderful man and it is a great honor to have his support.""

 ""The voters of our country have turned out in record numbers to support Mr. Trump. It is important that their votes be honored and it is time that we support the party's presumptive nominee

 as I have done my entire life. We must unite as a party to defeat Hillary Clinton. Donald Trump is our party's presumptive nominee and our best chance at taking back the White House this November."""
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
Thank you for your support today! There is no question that something special is going on. This is a movement - and as your presumptive GOP nominee -- I will NOT let you down. We will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton this November! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.
"Goofy Elizabeth Warren
"DONALD J. TRUMP RESPONSE TO LINDSEY GRAHAM

 and all the other candidates he endorsed

 Lindsey Graham has shown himself to be beyond rehabilitation. And like the voters who rejected him


The safety and security of our nation depends on electing a leader who will protect you - and your families. This upcoming election will be the most significant of our lifetime. I understand the importance for a strong America! Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"It is an honor to be endorsed by the West Virginia Coal Miners Association! Thank you! I will not let any of you down - and I LOVED the signs last night
"Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special
"Can you believe Crooked Hillary said
Amazing evening in West Virginia! THANK YOU for coming out tonight - and supporting this special movement. We are going to take our country back - and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will be back soon!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!
"Crooked Hillary Clinton has lied from the beginning regarding her emails
"I wanted to take this opportunity to thank my family for their absolutely amazing support since I announced my candidacy on June 16
So interesting that Sanders beat Crooked Hillary in Indiana. The dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him!
"Without my amazing volunteers - this would not have been possible. I am forever grateful to each and everyone of you - who volunteered for #Trump2016! I will never forget it - and I will not let you down! We have 6 more months until we defeat Crooked Hillary. If you are not a current volunteer & want to join the movement
"There is no question- I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton in November. It is time to take back our country - and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

 beat Hillary badly
"WOW - West Virginia
I would rather run against Crooked Hillary Clinton than Bernie Sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against Bernie!
Wendy Long: Trump's 'America First' Platform Will Grow GOP Nationwide.
The people have spoken and I am honored to be the presumptive nominee for the Republican Party. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016


Thank you Indiana! #Trump2016
"Ted Cruz is a desperate candidate trying to save his failing campaign. It is no surprise he has resorted to his usual tactics of over-the-top rhetoric that nobody believes. 

 I have watched Lyin' Ted become more and more unhinged as he is unable to react under the pressure and stress of losing

 that Ted Cruz does not have the temperament to be President of the United States.



"I love Indiana! Four hours left to get out and VOTE TRUMP! Tonight - we can make history with a VICTORY. We will secure the GOP NOMINATION
"Wow - great new poll just out. Thank you America! I will not let you down! Once I receive the nomination - I assure you
"Last week we had huge wins in Connecticut

 Evansville

 long-time Purdue University Basketball Coach Gene Keady

 I beat Hillary easily and with your support we can widen this margin and Make America Great Again!

 but I have really enjoyed meeting the great people of Indiana and know that I can bring jobs back from China and Mexico

 and my promise to you to Make America Great Again. I will not let you down.


Timeline Photos
Good morning Indiana! Thank you for all of your support. The big day is finally here and the polls are now open. Everyone must get out there & VOTE TRUMP today! If we win INDIANA - we will move on with the GOP nomination -- and we will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton in November. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"THANK YOU for this evening's rally- South Bend
Lynne - thank you for such kind & beautiful words. You are an amazing part of the Trump Organization- and we love you too!
"WOW! What a rally! THANK YOU - CARMEL
"Great lunch at Shapiro's Deli in Indianapolis
Honored to have received the endorsement of Lou Holtz - a great guy! #INPrimary #Trump2016
"I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton on 11/8/2016. #Trump2016
Timeline Photos
"I have been saying it all along. LYIN' TED CRUZ! It won't even matter soon -- get out and VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday
For the amount of money we spend on illegal immigration and refugees we could rebuild every inner city in America.
"Crooked Hillary Clinton said she is used to ""dealing with men who get off the reservation."" Actually
"I will easily beat Crooked Hillary Clinton in the general election. I haven't even begun on her- yet. Lets secure the GOP nomination -- then we will be able to focus on MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"I love you Fort Wayne
"WOW! I am departing Terre Haute
"Great new poll out of Indiana! THANK YOU! I am in Terre Haute
"When our POTUS or my soon to be opponent (Crooked Hillary) cannot say the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM -- as proven by President Obama
I will be in Indiana on Sunday and Monday at four MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rallies. See you there!
The economy is bad and getting worse-almost ZERO growth this quarter. Nobody can beat me on the economy (and jobs). MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Trump locks down Delaware GOP delegates:
LYIN' TED said my candidacy would be on the decline for the past 6+ months! He was LYIN' - as we continue our path to securing the GOP nomination. The national poll averages are looking good- as indicated below. Lets WIN!
"The ""protesters"" in California were thugs and criminals. Many are professionals. They should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement!"
"Wow- will never forget this special evening in Indiana-- with legendary coach Bobby Knight! An honor to receive his support! VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday
"Thank you Indiana! If we WIN- the nomination will be ours-- and I can concentrate on the general election

"Another American- who wants to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I see you! Rest assured
"We are now at 1001 delegates. We will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged! Just received new Indiana poll
"New York Yankees President
"Crooked Hillary Clinton
"Washington insiders and politicians have failed America. If I am elected President I will create jobs


"Via Newt Gingrich: Donald Trump's foreign policy speech is about putting AMERICA FIRST! I had been calling for an overhaul of the foreign policy establishment at the State Department since at least April 2003
"Thank you Costa Mesa
"I am looking forward to moving onto the general election
Timeline Photos
There is no doubt that I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton in November. I will fight everyday to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! We will win in November!
I am having an unbelievable time in Indiana with Bobby! I cannot thank you enough for the overwhelming amount of support. VOTE TRUMP next Tuesday! We will secure the nomination & move onto the general election- where I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton- in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will not let you down. Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Bobby Knight. Indiana lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #Trump2016
"President Obama understands that you build strong
"I am in Indiana where we just had a great rally. Fantastic people! Staying at a Holiday Inn Express - new and clean
"Coach Bobby Knight- THANK YOU for your support & endorsement this evening in Indiana! I will never forget it! THANK YOU INDIANA- for a memorable night! Get out and VOTE TRUMP-- next Tuesday
Arrived in Indiana with Donald Trump Jr.- and met up with an amazing friend- Coach Bobby Knight! Join us on Greta at 7pmE-- tonight!
AGREED!
Delivered my foreign policy speech in Washington D.C. today. Thank you for your time! WE are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU AMERICA! Lets keep up the MOMENTUM!
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Thank you America! Heading to Washington
"GOOD MORNING AMERICA!

 with big wins in Connecticut

 who have joined this movement. We will no longer be led by the all talk

 we will continue this momentum as we continue into next month with Nebraska

 we will Make America Great Again!

 

"WOW! Thank you for the overwhelming amount of support- as WE take all 5 states tonight! The momentum is ours

Thank you Delaware! #Trump2016
Thank you Rhode Island! #Trump2016
Thank you Maryland! #Trump2016
Thank you Pennsylvania! #Trump2016
Thank you Connecticut! #Trump2016
So proud & happy- for  Ivanka & Jared!!
"Bernie Sanders has been treated terribly by the Democrats—both with delegates & otherwise. He should show them
"THANK YOU to my amazing family- for supporting me in my quest to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN with you! If you live in Connecticut
"Washington is broken! It is time for competent leadership that is not controlled by special interests or lobbyists. We are going to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #Trump2016

Washington Is Broken
"GOOD MORNING! Thank you for the amazing support Connecticut
"A massive rally in Wilkes-Barre
"WOW! I love you Pennsylvania! THANK YOU for the tremendous amount of support this afternoon- and since I announced my candidacy! Everyone get out and VOTE TRUMP tomorrow
I loved being out in Rhode Island today- visiting the TRUMP TRAIN! Thank you for your overwhelming support. Do NOT FORGET to get out and VOTE TRUMP tomorrow! We are on our way to securing the nomination! I WILL WIN!
I will defeat Crooked Hillary Clinton in November!
Shows how weak and desperate Lyin' Ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can't stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses.
Lyin' Ted Cruz and 1 for 38 Kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up (collusion) in a two on one. Shows weakness!
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Very busy day ahead- can't wait to see you Rhode Island! Big day tomorrow as well -- get out and VOTE! Lets secure the nomination -- and prepare to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"DONALD J. TRUMP RESPONSE TO CRUZ AND KASICH CAMPAIGNS

It is sad that two grown politicians have to collude against one person who has only been a politician for ten months in order to try and stop that person from getting the Republican nomination.

 which was a total disaster

 as puppets of donors and special interests

 everyone now sees that the Republican primary system is totally rigged. When two candidates who have no path to victory get together to stop a candidate who is expanding the party by millions of voters
"Wow
Both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have no path to victory. They should both drop out of the race so that the Republican Party can unify!
"Unbelievable - Hagerstown
THANK YOU- Detective John Paprcka! I love it! Get your family & neighbors out to VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Lynne Ryan -- just read your great story in the NY Times -- I am proud of you. Thank you for your support!
"Heading to Maryland now! Thank you for the incredible welcome Wednesday! Everyone get out & VOTE on Tuesday
"Pennsylvania: Cast your vote for Donald J. Trump for President AND ALSO vote for the Trump Delegates in your congressional district. This is important! Watch Pennsylvania Co-Chair Lou Barletta describe the delegate process. 

Pennsylvania Trump Delegate
I will bring back manufacturing & steel to Indiana! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Cruz said Kasich should leave because he couldn't get to 1237. Now he can't get to 1237. Drop out LYIN' Ted.
"As soon as John Kasich is hit with negative ads
"AMAZING Connecticut! THANK YOU! Remember the significance of VOTING TRUMP on Tuesday
"THANK YOU Bridgeport
"WOW! Great poll coming out of Delaware! THANK YOU! Everyone must get out and VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday
"A great morning in Waterbury
"If we maintain the current level of support in the remaining races
"The Establishment

Stop them now: http://bit.ly/1r7XIRl

I Will Work For You
"THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! I love you! Everyone get out to the polls on Tuesday
THANK YOU INDIANA! I enjoyed seeing you all this week- I will be back real soon! Have a wonderful weekend. Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
WOW! Great Fox News poll- coming out of California! Will see you all real soon! Something special is happening- across the United States of America. Thank you for your support - WE are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you to my son Donald Trump Jr. and family for their support. I will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain for our children. #Trump2016
If we don't have borders we don't have a country. Radical Islamic extremism must be stopped.
Thank you Connecticut! See you this evening!! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
I met Prince on numerous occasions. He was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. He will be greatly missed!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
"Thank you Pat Buchanan. I won't forget! 
Pat Buchanan: Future of Republican Party Belongs to the Trump Supporters (VIDEO)
Departing NYC for Pennsylvania- now! THANK YOU for your support! VOTE TRUMP next Tuesday!
I had a great time with my wonderful family on The Today Show this morning. Thank you for the kind feedback & amazing support!
Senator Ted Cruz has been MATHEMATICALLY ELIMINATED from race. He said Kasich should get out for same reason. I think both should get out!
Had a meeting with the terrific Governor Mike Pence of Indiana yesterday. So excited to campaign in his wonderful state!
"Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. Now all he can do is be a spoiler

"Talk about a way to conclude the day! THANK YOU MARYLAND -- LETS WIN!! Get out and VOTE TRUMP next Tuesday
"If I am elected President
WOW! Thank you for the amazing support today! Will be back very soon- remember how important it is to #VoteTrump on May 3rd!
"THANK YOU! We are leading this movement by millions of votes- we will WIN the nomination
WOW! Great poll. Fox News just released their new GOP national poll - THANK YOU AMERICA! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Watch this 360 video of my speech last night at Trump Tower New York.
 Firefox etc. 
360 Victory Speech New York
I love New York! Last night was a big step forward- in securing the GOP nomination! Thank you for your incredible support! I am departing for Indiana now!
THANK YOU NEW YORK! I WILL NEVER FORGET!
Thank You New York! Watch my speech from earlier tonight at Trump Tower New York.
Thank you New York! I love you!!

"Thank you
"I am very grateful for the endorsement of America's Mayor
I love you New York! Do not forget to get out and #VoteTrump today! THANK YOU for all of your incredible support. It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"New York

New York Primary Day
"Our country has tremendous potential. We have tremendous people. Our COUNTRY needs a truly great leader
"GOOD MORNING NEW YORK! Thank you for the tremendous amount of support that you have given me since announcing my candidacy on June 16

 thank you!

POLLING HOURS:
6:00am-9:00pm
New York City
 Suffolk
12:00pm-9:00pm
Elsewhere in the state
WHO DO I CONTACT FOR ELECTION RELATED QUESTIONS?
Timeline Photos
"WOW! Carl told me that Buffalo is ""TRUMP COUNTRY."" Now I see exactly what he meant! What a night! I cannot THANK YOU for the overwhelming amount of love and support this evening! Everyone get out to the polls tomorrow- and make sure you VOTE TRUMP! I promise you- we are going to take our country back & MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!"
"Thank you for the nice piece in the Jewish Telegraphic Agency
"WOW! Thank you for the unbelievable amount of support Connecticut
"New York
"Thank you
What kind of country treats illegal immigrants better than their Veterans? I will straighten this out immediately!
"Thank you
"THANK YOU POUGHKEEPSIE
Receiving an endorsement from the New York Veteran Police Association- on Staten Island today-- was an absolute honor! I love all LAW ENFORCEMENT agencies- and they know--- I will have their back as POTUS! Thank you!
"WOW! THANK YOU
"Lyin' Ted Cruz will never be able to beat Hillary. Despite a rigged delegate system
Crooked Hillary Clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. I am the one person she doesn't want to run against. Will be such fun!
I would have millions of votes more than Hillary except for the fact that I had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named Bernie!
Two days! Vote #Trump2016 NEW YORK - and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Good morning America! Thank you for the continued support! In addition
"As I wrap up another amazing day of campaigning in New York- and prepare for tomorrow-- I wanted to say
"We are losing jobs to Mexico
AMAZING! I am extremely grateful for the amount of support here in New York & around the United States of America! THANK YOU! I love you!
"WOW! THANK YOU
"Just arrived in Syracuse
"7
WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for your continued support!
THANK YOU CONNECTICUT! What a night! Lets get out on April 26th & VOTE TRUMP!
"Amazing afternoon in Plattsburgh
THANK YOU! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"""EXCLUSIVE: Colorado Caucus Volunteers: Ballot Errors Hurt Trump Delegate Candidates
An amazing honor from New York's true hometown paper!
Ted Cruz keeps bragging about his voteless victory in Colorado. A disgrace! I am not a DC insider like LYIN' TED!
"Thank you for the great welcome at tonight's New York State GOP Gala
"I appreciated the time taken by Jewish media outlets today
I will unite the #GOP- and WE will ALL work together- in MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!
"I LOVE YOU
DC insiders are fighting to protect the system they own. The people are fighting to take it back. Democracy is working! We will Make America Great Again!
#NewYorkValues
#Trump2016 and #NewYorkValues! Get your gear from our official campaign store to help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
"Indiana
"WOW! I am honored to have your support- Pittsburgh
Join us at a TRUMP 2016 Presidential Rally near you! Daily updates at www.donaldjtrump.com/schedule - we look forward to welcoming you! Thank you for your continued support!
"U.S. manufacturing jobs are rapidly declining since 2000. We are going backwards as a country- we need to fix this IMMEDIATELY
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
THANK YOU Larry! You have always been a great friend and journalist.
GOOD MORNING! If you missed last nights #TrumpFamily Town Hall on CNN with Anderson Cooper- you can watch the full version here! My family and I had a wonderful time. Enjoy!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I LOVE YOU ROME
"""Mr. Trump announced his candidacy on June 16
"Missouri just declared us the ""certified winner"" of their primary! 12 more delegates added- as we work everyday- to secure the GOP nomination. 
We are in it to WIN!
Timeline Photos
I LOVE NEW YORK!
"THANK YOU CALIFORNIA
"A very interesting piece
WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I love you New York! Get the official TRUMP #NewYorkValues t-shirt today. Visit the official campaign store today.

SHOW YOUR SUPPORT - GET THE OFFICIAL TRUMP 2016 #NewYorkValues SHIRT
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! Always great to start the day off with a new ceiling- in my home state of New York! Thank you for all of your support!

"I LOVE YOU NEW YORK! Thank you for a terrific night
"Tune in & join me live in Albany
"The National Border Patrol Council
"820
"With your continued support- and my expanding team-- WE WILL WIN! I am in this to WIN IT!! 
Trump aide: Cruz using 'Gestapo tactics' in delegate hunt
"This is happening all over our country—great people being disenfranchised by
Colorado CRUZ GOPe BACKFIRE ! ! !
The American voters will choose our next POTUS! NOT THE MEDIA!!
At least in Colorado they didn't even pretend to care about what the voters think!
I win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by Cruz campaign. Bad system!
How is it possible that the people of the great State of Colorado never got to vote in the Republican Primary? Great anger - totally unfair!
The people of Colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. Biggest story in politics. This will not be allowed!
I LOVE NEW YORK - THANK YOU for your support in the latest Fox News poll - lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Have a great evening!
"THANK YOU ROCHESTER
"Join me in Rochester
I am very grateful for the support of college students- across America. Together- we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA! SEE YOU SOON!!
Registered Republican Women:
"Bernie Sanders says that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to be president. Based on her decision making ability
"A great honor to visit the 9/11 Memorial Museum with my wife
"Thank you for the overwhelming amount of support
"Isn't it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else
"Thank you for your support
"So great to be in New York. Catching up on many things (remember
"Very proud of my son
NOBODY beats me on NATIONAL SECURITY. TOGETHER we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Changing times call for changing perspectives. I am proud to have started this conversation.
With your continued support- WE will secure the GOP nomination. Thank you for your continued support in our quest to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU MARYLAND! Will be down there very soon-- very grateful for your support. Have a great day!
"Thank you
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Exactly what I talk about- when it comes to the Veterans Administration. This is only the beginning. IF I become your POTUS-- this will END IMMEDIATELY. Not the way to treat our heroes. An absolute disgrace!
"Thank you
Ted Cruz attacked New Yorkers and New York values- we don't forget!
"Once again

"" said Robbie Gramer
"As President of the United States of America- I will see to it that the AWARENESS continues -- I will be in a position to immediately handle all of the issues at the VA --- nobody will look after our Veterans --- our heroes
"GREAT NEWS
"DONALD J. TRUMP ANNOUNCES NEW YORK STATE CAMPAIGN LEADERSHIP
 
 including Republican Party leaders in all 27 Congressional District across the state. The committee - comprised of GOP elected leaders

 ""New York is my home and I am so proud to have been able to assemble such an incredible team. I have watched and known these people for so many years. They love New York and our country. Together we will Make America Great Again."" 

 Honorary Co-chairman of the campaign in New York

 Carl P. Paladino

 a longtime friend of Mr. Trump

Mr. Trump was honored to be joined by many of the 33 Republican County Chairs at his event in Bethpage on Wednesday night. Mr. Trump continues to lead in all state polls with significant margins and leading in the delegate count for the Republican National Convention. 

 click below."
"WOW! Cannot THANK YOU for the fabulous welcome home
"Unbelievable evening. Just made a speech in front 17
"Departing Trump Tower with Ivanka

"I have been saying it from the very beginning. See you tonight - Bethpage
"CAMPAIGN STATEMENT:

 many conservative talk radio show hosts

 where he holds a substantial lead in all the polls
WE ARE GOING TO MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
"A friendly reminder for everyone in Wisconsin- to get out and vote TRUMP! EVERY VOTE COUNTS!
Timeline Photos
"I really appreciate the amount of support
"THANK YOU to my team of staff
"GOOD MORNING! Join me on #SnapChat for #Trump2016 campaign updates on the trail & great behind the scenes moments- like this morning at George Webb Restaurants!
Timeline Photos
"GOOD MORNING WISCONSIN! Polls open in 30 minutes. Today is a big day. Everyone be sure to VOTE TRUMP- and watch Ivanka's message to the great people of Wisconsin! 
 you can go to: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/wisconsin"
"Amazing! THANK YOU Milwaukee
"Join Melania Trump & I on Sean Hannity- from Milwaukee
WOW! Great new poll numbers coming out of Wisconsin. Thank you! Two big events today- with two more to go! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"WOW! Thank you! Thousands inside & thousands more outside! We are gaining momentum
"THANK YOU! I had an amazing time
An article worth reading on NATO. Why are we footing 70% of the bill to keep Europe safe? Another deal made by politicians that is better for everyone else than it is for America!
THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA!! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"WOW! What an evening in West Allis
"We are having a GREAT time in Wisconsin! There is a great feel here
I am the only candidate with a chance to win the nomination without a brokered convention. A vote for Cruz/Kasich is a vote for the DC Establishment!
Great question from Joe Pags... Why are you doing this? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Just arrived for brunch at Miss Katie's Diner in Milwaukee
"THANK YOU WISCONSIN! I am here - and not leaving - until Tuesday evening
"I am self funding and will hire the best people
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"WOW! What a way to end a great day in Wisconsin- at Memorial High School in Eau Claire. THANK YOU! Remember to get out and VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday
"WOW! Thank you Wausau
I appreciate ALL of the support! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE MEDIA-- they are WRONG on TRUMP! I will make you PROUD - if I am the 45th President of the United States of America!
"THANK YOU for the AMAZING SUPPORT- Racine
"Great interview with Joe Pags. Listen as Joe and I discuss the U.S. debt

Pags Interviews Donald J. Trump
#JerryKramer4HOF2017
Hello WISCONSIN! Just landed -- of to first of many stops today!! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!
The students understand that incompetent leadership is leaving them with huge debts to pay. We need to make this country great again for future generations of Americans!

"My new radio ad
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted?
"For the 1st time in American history
Wait until I do not have to take on 16 candidates at once. I will be Hillary's worst nightmare! We are going to WIN!!
GOOD MORNING! I LOVE NEW YORK!! Thank you for your amazing support. WE are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

"THROWBACK THURSDAY- June 16
C-SPAN
"THANK YOU
"Thank you
Just had a very nice meeting with Reince Priebus and the Republican National Committee. Looking forward to bringing the Party together - and it will happen!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Pennsylvania's elections bureau show more than 214
"I am so proud of my kids (Donald Jr.
"The ""Trump Doctrine"" is a page right out of Ronald Reagan's playbook: peace through economic and military strength."
My favorite moment from the campaign trail. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"I am often asked what I would do on my first day in office
"AMAZING afternoon in Appleton
"SO PROUD of Ivanka
"THANK YOU
WOW! An honor to be the first-ever presidential candidate in a primary- to be endorsed by the National Border Patrol Council. WE WILL BUILD THE WALL-- WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! Thank you.
"Former Miss Wisconsin
I am the strongest candidate on the 2nd amendment. I will not let them take our guns. #Trump2016
WORKING TOGETHER- WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! THANK YOU!
"WOW! THANK YOU- Janesville
Just landed in Wisconsin! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Lyin' Ted Cruz is weak & losing big
Thank you AMERICA! So grateful for your support- as we work EVERYDAY to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! En route to Wisconsin now!
"Mr. Trump Prepares for Republican Convention - Seasoned Operative Joins As Convention Manager

 NY) March 29th

 and includes work on conventions for Presidents Gerald Ford

 Mr. Manafort is an attorney and founding partner of DMP International

 ""Paul is a great asset and an important addition as we consolidate the tremendous support we have received in the primaries and caucuses

 ""I am honored to serve Mr. Trump's campaign

 Mr. Trump is announcing that his campaign is opening a Washington
Just released that international gangs are all over our cities. This will end when I am President!
"We need to secure our borders ASAP. No games
Allies must start paying for 'American protection!'
The party Establishment shouldn't decide who the nominee is. The voters should! Lets take this country back and Make America Great Again!
Terrible! And we cannot waterboard!?
"A detainee released from Gitmo has killed an American. When will our so-called ""leaders"" ever learn!"
Its shocking how little respect is shown to President Obama. Wont be that way if I am president!

"Wisconsin's economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in U.S.
Why can't the pundits be honest? Hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. I will make it strong and great!  JOBS!
Congratulations to Ivanka & Jared- who welcomed Theodore James into the world this evening. I am so proud! Love you!
"See Lyin' Ted
"Happy Easter to all
"Don't believe the @FoxNews Polls
The world has changed. America's approach to foreign policy should as well. America's interests should come first!

"Remember
We will WIN! Everyone get out & VOTE TRUMP! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Nobody will protect our Nation like Donald J. Trump. Our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. Illegals out!
"We are almost there! Thank you for your continued support
"Top suspect in Paris massacre
After winning the nomination- it will be so easy focusing on just one candidate in the general. I will be Hillary or Bernie's worst nightmare-- so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Hashtag #TrumpTrain
We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! Everyone have a GREAT weekend!
WOW! Thank you for your support- this just might be the largest residential campaign sign of 2016! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Dr. Ben Carson- I concur. 


"GOOD MORNING! Thank you for the great news
"It is amazing how often I am right
"Thank you
"I didn't start the fight with Lyin' Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania
"THANK YOU
"A disgrace! Just weeks before she stepped down as secretary of state

Hillary wrote to President Obama:
Fox Business
"Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad! It was just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also
Endorsements for Lyin' Ted
"N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on! 

 and the time is now!"
Thank you! It is time- we need to defeat Hillary Clinton in November! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Thank you for your support
"While I believe I will clinch before Cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates
"Low energy Jeb Bush just endorsed a man he truly hates
000
We try so hard to be politically correct. We should try harder instead to solve the problem!
"Just watched Hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. She's been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are! I will be the best by far in fighting terror. I'm the only one that was right from the beginning
"Lyin' Ted Cruz steals foreign policy from me
"THANK YOU
"Obama
I would rather be CORRECT than politically correct!
We will BUILD THE WALL- in order to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Thank you for your votes! Show that you stand with the man who will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain - visit the official campaign store now!
Thank you for your endorsement Congressman Lou Barletta! Lets build the GOP party bigger than ever before!
"Good morning! Hopefully the Republican Party can come together and have a big WIN in November
"Incompetent Hillary
"Thank you
"The police in our country are not appreciated. We do not give them the kind of respect they must have. The fact is- they do an incredible job! We have to give them more authority
"Don't let them silence you! Stop by Sammy's Mexican Grill in Tucson
"My heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #Brussels tragedy. This madness must be stopped
"As president- I would be very
Watch this clip from earlier this year. Time and time again- I have been right about terrorism. It's time to get tough!
We need to be careful with who comes into America- or we are going to have problems like you have never seen before! It is time to wake up!
I have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody--- and it's not even close. Hopefully Arizona and Utah will be voting for me today!
"President Obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in Cuba
"Get Out To Vote Arizona & Utah! You can help #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.

Arizona: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/arizona

Utah: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/utah

Get Out To Vote: Arizona & Utah
We are beating the Establishment! This is a movement and together we will Make America Great Again!
"Do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place Brussels was. Not anymore
Watch my speech at #AIPAC2016. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
THANK YOU! #AIPAC2016
Join me live at AIPAC.
Outstanding! A top priority- so we can MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump- and that is fact!
Off duty police officer attends my Arizona rally - and explains his entire experience. #Trump2016
We need to be RESPECTED! The first time a sitting U.S. President visits Cuba since 1928- and President Raul Castro can't even greet President Obama on the airport tarmac!
"If we don't have a border
"Thank you AmericaForTheTRUMP for the inspiring video. I truly care about our great nation and will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

The Real Donald J. Trump
"CBS Focus Group: Hillary 'Worst Liar I Think I've Ever Seen
"Wow
"Why is it that the horrendous protesters
"Failed presidential candidate Mitt Romney
I am the candidate that will bring real change to DC and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am fueled by your love and support. This is a movement!
"LYIN' Ted Cruz is Pro Amnesty. Just another all talk
"THANK YOU TUCSON
"An amazing rally in Tucson
Timeline Photos
Do you believe that Hillary Clinton now wants Obamacare for illegal immigrants? She should spend more time taking care of our great Vets!
ANOTHER GREAT NATIONAL GOP POLL! Thank you for your support! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN-- TOGETHER!
"An honor to be endorsed by General Robert Charles Oaks! THANK YOU

 and his wonderful wife Gloria are amazing leaders- and they want a leader in the White House!"
"THANK YOU ARIZONA! 20
Thank you. I recognize and understand what our border agents are dealing with 24 hours a day- 7 days a week. We will BUILD THE WALL!
"I guess I have reached yet another ""ceiling""  - 49.7%
THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT! LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"THANK YOU- Salt Lake City
"We are landing in Salt Lake City
"""Newt Gingrich on 'Anti-Trump' Republicans: Should Form Lost Republicans for Hillary."""
"With millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment
Senator Lindsey Graham made horrible statements about LYIN' TED CRUZ – and then he endorsed him. No wonder nobody trusts politicians!
"THANK YOU
"I will win New York in the general too!

 More than 50% Ahead of Ted Cruz."
Hillary Clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Highly overrated & crazy Megyn Kelly is always complaining about Trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. Focus on others Megyn!
"Mother who lost son in Benghazi: ""There is a special place in hell for Hillary."""
Who should star in a reboot of Liar Liar- Hillary Clinton or Ted Cruz? Let me know.
Great news that Fox News has cancelled the additional debate. How many times can the same people ask the same question? I beat Cruz debating!
Let's continue the momentum! Get out & VOTE TRUMP. Before you know it- Hillary's nightmares of Donald J. Trump will begin.
"Good morning! According to the New York Times- if the #TrumpTrain continues its current level of support- we will secure the nomination. It is imperative to get out and VOTE in record numbers
"In the last 2 weeks
"Thank you
THANK YOU for the tremendous amount of support! Lets keep winning- and we will be on our way to MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN soon!
"Thank you
Is this what we want for a President?
"I will bring our jobs back to the U.S.
Thank you for the votes! This is just the beginning of the movement to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Show your support and shop the official campaign gear now.
"Hillary Is In for the Ride of Her Life' When She Takes On Trump.
Huckabee: 'Hillary Is In for the Ride of Her Life' When She Takes On Trump

"Thank you Marco
"Thank you
Timeline Photos
"Thank you Illinois! #SuperTuesday 
Timeline Photos
Watch the press conference LIVE! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Thank you
"Thank you
Timeline Photos
"Word is that
"""Donald Trump is one of the two most talented presidential candidates any of us have covered.""
Mark Halperin
Bloomberg Politics
Halperin: Trump A More Talented Candidate Than Obama [VIDEO]
Gov Huckabee is right! I will beat Hillary Clinton and together- we will Make America Great Again!
The media is SO dishonest!
"Great news! THANK YOU! A great way to start of SUPER TUESDAY! Northern Mariana Islands GOP caucus results:
TRUMP: 343 (72.8%)
CRUZ: 113 (24.0%)
KASICH: 10 (2.1%)

"WOW! Thank you
"Good morning America! It's Super Tuesday 2! Get out & VOTE TRUMP!

Donald Trump For President
"A fabulous day in North Carolina
"Sadly
"I love you
"Unbelievable time in Hickory
"Governor Sarah Palin's great husband


"Lets win
True.
"Well said

"THANK YOU FLORIDA! A great way to end my day- in a state that I love to call my second home. Get out & #VoteTrump! If elected- I promise not to let you down. I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
"Just received from Pete Rose. Thank you Pete! #VoteTrump on Tuesday Ohio! 
Timeline Photos
Join me in Florida- live! LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I cannot thank everyone enough- for your amazing support. A fabulous town hall in Cincinnati
"Wow
Just another all talk- no action politician.
"WOW! Thank you Illinois! LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! VOTE TRUMP ON TUESDAY
"Bernie Sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie
"The organized group of people
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"AMAZING Kansas City
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. He has ties to ISIS. Should be in jail!
The last person that Hillary or Bernie want to run against is Donald Trump --- and that is fact!
"Just finished my second speech. 20K in Dayton & 25K in Cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. Thanks- I love you
"THANK YOU DAYTON
"I will end common core. It's a disaster. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

I WILL END COMMON CORE
The GOP is getting stronger than it has ever been. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Good morning! Departing for Dayton
"STATEMENT REGARDING TRUMP CAMPAIGN CHICAGO RALLY POSTPONEMENT

 tonight's rally will be postponed to another date.


The democrats say we don't have a problem with border security. What country are they living in?
Thank you for your support. We continue to gain momentum- and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.

Thank you Dr. Ben Carson! An honor to receive your endorsement this morning.
Join the #TrumpTrain and visit the official campaign store now! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
"Good morning! Join us live from Mar-a-Lago
"America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don't get things done. I have a strong track record of success and if elected I will do what I have promised to do: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Competent Leadership

Thank you America! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"I'm self funding my campaign because special interests
We should pay our respects to the police. They are taking tremendous abuse in this country and they're doing a phenomenal job. We should give them our respect! #GOPDebate
"We're going to come together and come up with solutions- and so far I cannot believe how civil it's been up here!

"Our laws don't allow waterboarding. They have no laws

"It's not free trade
"We're going to go out to bid in every facet of government. Believe me
Common Core is a disaster. I don't want education through Washington DC. I want local education. #GOPDebate
We're going to beat the Democrats -- Hillary or whoever it may be -- and we're going to beat them soundly! #GOPDebate
Join #TeamTrump at 9:00pmE -- right here on Facebook! THANK YOU #TrumpTrain!
"THANK YOU FLORIDA & OHIO! Vote Trump

Thank you Megyn!
Carly- I agree with you!
I will put an end to illegal immigration and build a wall to keep our country safe!
"We need trade deals that take care of American workers- not corporate
profits! Thank you Teamsters For Trump. ­ 
"Teamsters Workers Back Donald Trump on Trade
"I will beat Hillary Clinton and win states that the Republican party hasn't won in decades. Together
"WOW! What a night in Fayetteville
"Another Dishonest Politician 

Keep Marco & his friends out of the White House!
"A great honor- from a Hollywood legend. Thank you
Smart trade deals with tax reform will create jobs and growth in America!
Our country makes the worst deals! We need to be respected around the globe and make deals from a place of strength. Stupid politicians leave us and our great friends in Israel less safe.
Very proud of my campaign team. We are spending the least and doing the best. That's how our country should be run!
We did it again! THANK YOU for your votes. Show that you stand with Trump by visiting the official campaign store now. #Trump2016
This is a movement. The silent majority is no longer silent- it is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for your continued support!
Thank you Hawaii! #Trump2016
This was a great evening- I would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support.
Text TRUMP to 88022 to join the #TrumpTrain #Trump2016
"We did it again - thank you to Michigan and Mississippi! 

"LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Press Conference from Jupiter
Thank you Michigan! #Trump2016
"Just got to Trump National Golf Club
Thank you Mississippi! #Trump2016
Wow- thank you!
THANK YOU- FLORIDA! I love Florida!!
"Remember
"""Why I support Trump — and resent the elites trying to destroy him."""
The false ads against me are paid by the masters who want to control the party. They have failed the people. Time to throw them out! #democracy
"Michigan

Michigan: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/michigan
Mississippi: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/mississippi
Idaho: http://www.donaldjtrump.com/idaho
Get Out To Vote: Join The Movement
Politicians don't have a clue how to negotiate. We need a businessman to make smart deals to protect American jobs!

"Cruz came to Mississippi
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  #Trump2016
"The facts on Trump University the media and lying politicians choose to ignore. Irresponsible and dishonest.  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Trump University Truth
"WOW! Thank you for all of your support
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
We can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN- TOGETHER! #VoteTrump
Order the hat with the slogan that's changing America - visit the official campaign store now!
"Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won't let them take away our guns!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

They will not take away our guns!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
How do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? I will be using Facebook & Twitter. Watch!

"I am down in Miami
We need you Michigan #TrumpTrain!Thank you for your support!
"Nancy Reagan
ON TRACK- WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"FLORIDA: Early voting is now open! Do not miss this opportunity to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Ivanka Trump

Florida: Go Early Vote Now
Thank you Charles! I will bring jobs back to Mississippi!
Good morning! THANK YOU KENTUCKY & LOUISIANA! We had a great day yesterday- I am grateful for all of your support! Thank you to all of our supporters in Maine & Kansas as well! Have a GREAT Sunday!
Stand with the man who will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Visit the official campaign store now. #Trump2016
Watch Trump LIVE! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Thank you Kentucky! #Trump2016

"Thank you Louisiana! #Trump2016

THANK YOU TO ALL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS!
Thank you FLORIDA! #VoteTrump on March 15th! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
THANK YOU Willie Robertson! I appreciate your support!! #VoteTrump
"LETS GO KANSAS
Timeline Photos
"Just finished up in Wichita


I had a fabulous evening in New Orleans! Thank you for all of your support! Tomorrow is the big day- get out & #VoteTrump!
I will make America great and SAFE again!!
"THANK YOU CADILLAC
"We only win if you get out and VOTE! They want to stop us
"The Donald J. Trump for President Campaign has just announced it will be in Wichita

 he will not be able to speak at CPAC
"WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election:

""Here's my message to the Republican Party leaders: Focus more on listening to the American people and less on trying to stifle their voice.""

 I think the American people should be angrier than they are.""


"WOW! What a morning! THANK YOU #TrumpTrain! VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday
We are in a trade war now and America is getting its clock cleaned! Why wont politicians address this?
THANK YOU #TrumpTrain! Lets make it a great day! Preparing now for rally at Macomb Community College- here in Michigan!
"DONALD J. TRUMP POSITION ON VISAS

 imported from abroad
THANK YOU AMERICA! When it is time to VOTE in your state- get out and VOTE TRUMP! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! http://www.drudgereport.com/
"I am going to bring jobs back to the United States like no one else can. We are going to fix our very depleted military. We are going to take care of our Vets. We are going to strengthen our border. You are going to be very proud of this country- in just a few years if I am elected president!

"Here is the Better Business Bureau report
Timeline Photos
The Better Business Bureau gave Trump University an A (Despite what Fox and opponents are trying to say.) #GOPDebate
ISIS is chopping off the heads of Christians and anybody who happens to be in the way. I will without question authorize waterboarding. #GOPDebate
Our country is in trouble. We're going to stop people from coming into our country illegally. #GOPDebate
The last person that Hillary Clinton wants to face is Donald Trump! #GOPDebate
We will save over $300 billion a year if we properly negotiate our healthcare expenses! #GOPDebate
"We're cutting Common Core and will educate America's children locally. The waste
Marco Rubio must have missed this new CNN poll:
I beat Hillary in many polls already and I haven't even begun to fight. #GOPDebate
"Look at China
"Join TEAM TRUMP right here
"DONALD J. TRUMP ANNOUNCES SENATOR SESSIONS AS CHAIRMAN OF NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE

Senator Sessions to Provide Strategic Counsel to Mr. Trump on Foreign Policy and Homeland Security

 NY) March 3rd

 ""It is an honor to have Jeff as a member of the team. I have such great respect for him and I look forward to working with him on the issues most important to Americans."" 

 ""I am grateful for the opportunity to recommend and facilitate discussions among exceptional and experienced American military and diplomatic leaders to share insight and advice with Donald Trump

 ""A national-interest foreign policy

Timeline Photos
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio & Cruz. When you see them think of your puppet POLS!
"I am the only one who can beat Hillary Clinton. I am not a Mitt Romney
Amazing afternoon. THANK YOU Maine! Everyone get out and VOTE TRUMP on Saturday! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Join us LIVE- now!
"If we don't have borders
"I have brought millions of people into the Republican Party

Mitt Romney Praises
Wall street gives millions to Hillary Clinton but is spending big money against me. I wonder who they are scared will bring real change?
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.
WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Listen LIVE as I am a guest on Jamiel's Law radio show. Jamiel Shaw was brutally assassinated by an illegal alien gang member. If I am elected POTUS — I will enforce our immigration laws and stop these senseless murders.
"I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Healthcare Reform
"Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger
Absolutely amazing. This is a movement! When it is your turn to vote- get out & #VoteTrump! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together and unify. When we unify there is nobody who is going to beat us! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
My wife Melania Trump will be #OnTheRecord with Greta Van Susteren tonight at 7pmE on Fox News. Enjoy!
We are #WINNING - #TrumpTrain! Thank you for your support. Lets keep this going! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am VERY proud of Ivanka Trump! I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN for our children and grandchildren who deserve a strong country filled with opportunity!
"Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016

"Thank you Arkansas! #Trump2016

"I am a unifier. I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together and unify. When we unify there is nobody who is going to beat us! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016

Amazing Period In My Life

"Thank you Virginia! #Trump2016

"Thank you Alabama! #Trump2016

"Thank you Tennessee! #Trump2016

Thank you Massachusetts! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday
"Thank you Georgia!

"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Timeline Photos
Flying to Florida now. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"WOW!! Thank you Louisville
"THANK YOU COLUMBUS
Get Out To Vote! It is Super Tuesday and it is time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
Get out and VOTE TRUMP! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!! #SuperTuesday
WE ARE GOING TO PROTECT OUR 2nd Amendment - if I'm POTUS - you can count on it 100%!
"Got the endorsement of Brian France and NASCAR yesterday in Georgia. Also
WOW! Thank you Georgia! What a night! I am grateful for all of your support. Get out and VOTE TRUMP tomorrow- and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"DONALD J. TRUMP ENDORSED BY NASCAR CEO AND DRIVERS
 
 GA) February 29th

 ""I am proud to receive the endorsement of such an iconic brand and a quality person such as Brian. Brian has a wonderful family and is an incredibly successful business person. I have great respect for Brian and I am grateful for his support and that of Bill Elliott

 ""Mr. Trump is changing American politics forever and his leadership and strength are desperately needed. He has had an incredible career and achieved tremendous success. This is what we need for our country."" 

 ""It is my great honor to endorse Mr. Trump for President of the United States. He is a leader representing strength and common sense solutions."" 

 and Senator Jeff Sessions

Timeline Photos
"Welcome to the #TrumpTrain

Donald J. Trump for President Inc. announced Sarah Huckabee Sanders joined the campaign as a Senior Advisor. 

 ""I have great respect for Governor Mike Huckabee and we have a mutual admiration for our wonderful families. It is great to have his daughter

 ""I volunteered to join Mr. Trump's campaign because he is a champion of working families; not Washington-Wall Street elites. Like the other Republican candidates

 Arkansas with her husband Bryan and their three young children."
"Our country is getting ripped off. We need the smartest people negotiating for us! #TrumpTrain

Trade War
WOW! THANK YOU VIRGINIA! Get out and VOTE tomorrow!! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Common sense should always come before political correctness!
"I am self funding and only work for YOU
Good morning America! THANK YOU for your overwhelming support in this mornings new CNN national poll. Get out & VOTE TRUMP tomorrow- we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Thank you Jesse & West Coast Choppers Official! Lets get out & VOTE TRUMP on Tuesday- TEXAS! Time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Poll locations: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/texas
WOW! THANK YOU ALABAMA! Everyone get out and vote on Tuesday- and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"THANK YOU SENATOR Jeff Sessions!

DONALD J. TRUMP ENDORSED BY SENATOR JEFF SESSIONS
stars
 
 Alabama to Endorse the Republican Frontrunner

 NY) February 28th

 ""I am deeply honored to have the endorsement of Senator Jeff Sessions

Mr. Trump and Senator Sessions surprised the massive crowd at the frontrunner's Alabama rally just days before Super Tuesday Primary contest. 

 ""I am thrilled today to offer my endorsement of Donald J. Trump for President. This election is our last chance to save U.S. sovereignty and to end the domination of the political establishment over the interests of working Americans. Trump alone has rejected the donor class

 ""We are nearing fast the point of no return. The people are hurting. Their wages are declining. Their schools are overburdened. Their hospitals are stretched past the breaking point. Crime is up

 arising from the people. 

Timeline Photos
"The police in our country do not get respect. Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Law Enforcement Appreciation
As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.
I am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight Rubio or Ted Cruz! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! The new Reuters National GOP polling is outstanding! Remember- if you do not get out & vote- it will not matter! VOTE TRUMP & LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
WOW! Thank you Tennessee! Get out and vote on March 1st & WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for all of your support!

"WOW! Thank you for the amazing support
"DONALD J. TRUMP ENDORSED BY FORMER ARIZONA GOVERNOR JAN BREWER

 State Treasurer Jeff DeWit and is now proud to receive the support of the highly respected former Governor. 

 ""I love the state of Arizona and have received incredible support throughout the state. I am leading in all the polls and we have had amazing events with tremendous crowds. I am honored to receive this endorsement from Governor Brewer."" 

 ""Arizona's unsecured border is the gateway of illegal immigration into the United States and the politicians in Washington D.C. have continually failed to secure our border. As I've always said: A nation without borders is like a house without walls – it collapses. As Arizona's Governor

 we can elect a President who will do just that - Donald J. Trump. Mr. Trump will secure our borders

 Mr. Trump gets it. He will listen to the people and fight for the citizens of the United States.""

 ""As Mr. Trump says: we either have a country

 with the promise to build a wall along the southern border and stop illegal immigration to protect American jobs and families."
"We need to fix our broken education system to create opportunity for all Americans.Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain


Thank you Governor Chris Christie! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"THANK YOU for an incredible day in both Fort Worth
"Incredibly proud of my son Eric Trump and all of his efforts on behalf of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis
"""Marco Rubio is in the last days of a losing campaign."" Governor Chris Christie"
"Welcome to the #TrumpTrain Governor Chris Christie! THANK YOU! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

DONALD J. TRUMP ENDORSED BY NEW JERSEY GOVERNOR CHRIS CHRISTIE
 
Mr. Trump Receives Coveted Endorsement Days Before Super Tuesday

 NY) February 26th

 ""It is my great honor to receive the endorsement of the Governor. We have had a wonderful relationship for many years. He is a solid person that I have tremendous respect for. I am really proud to receive the support of the Governor and his family."" 

 who ended his Presidential bid earlier this month following the New Hampshire primary added

Governor Christie joined Mr. Trump at a campaign event in Texas to officially announce the endorsement and will travel with him to Oklahoma City for a rally later today. 

 Congressman Duncan Hunter
Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker  Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!
"What I would do on my first day in office. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

First Day in Office
"All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed last night. Not easy
I will get it done. Politicians will never get it done. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #GOPDebate
Drug dealers are pouring in from the southern border. We will build a wall on time and on budget. #GOPDebate
"John Kerry negotiated one of the worst deals in the history of this country. There is NOBODY who has been tougher on John Kerry
"I am a negotiator. That's what I do! I can assure you- Marco doesn't know about this. I will do an amazing job
As president there is nothing I would rather do than bring peace to Israel. I am totally pro Israel. #GOPDebate
"WASTE

I am self funding my campaign- and am the ONLY one self funding my campaign! Right now the health insurance companies are making a fortune! #GOPDebate
I will bring many Democrats and Independents over and we will build a bigger Republican party! #GOPDebate
Rubio = bantamweight. Thinks he's a tough guy but is wholly owned by lobbyists and spent GOP credit card on personal expenses! #GOPDebate
We have a trade deficit with Mexico of $58 billion. The wall is $10-12 billion. They're going to pay for it!  #GOPDebate
"I'm the only one on this stage who's hired people. I've hired thousands of people! 

"You wouldn't even be talking about immigration if I hadn't entered this race. If we don't have borders
Here we go! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #GOPDebate
"If I get the nomination
THANK YOU! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN - TOGETHER!!
WSJ is so dishonest. We shouldn't take our trade/business advice from journalists and pundits! I want to bring the best businessmen & women to Washington- to work for the people!
I'm going to do what Mitt Romney was totally unable to do- WIN!
Lightweight losing candidate Mitt Romney asks about my tax returns. I have a store that is worth more than him.
"I will repeal and replace Obamacare
"When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around
"Texas

Texas Poll Information: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/texas

Early Voting Open
Thank you for a great Presidential Candidate Forum- Regent University & Dr. Pat Robertson! I had a fabulous time with everyone!
"""A Trump presidency won't only wipe out political correctness in America; it'll wipe it off the face of the earth."""
"I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. The media
"There were more votes cast for Trump last night than were cast for all candidates in 2012. I will energize and grow the Republican party like never seen before! 
Timeline Photos
LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"Join team Trump LIVE to celebrate another victory in NV tonight! We are one step closer to MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016

LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Nevada Watch Party (2-23-16)

THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Make sure you get on the Trump line and are not mislead by the Cruz people. They are bad! BE CAREFUL!
"WOW! Thank you for a great rally in Sparks
"Nevada: It is caucus day. Find out where you can caucus for Trump. You can vote from 5-8pm and it only takes 5 minutes. #VOTEandGO

Nevada Caucus Finder
This is a debate I would love to watch!
"This is a movement. We are getting closer every day to taking our country back from the corrupt establishment. To do this
"Nevada you have to get out and caucus today! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

Find your Nevada Caucus Location: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/nevada/caucus-finder

Caucusing in Nevada
"Good morning America! A BIG DAY AHEAD! Get out & caucus (vote) for Trump- Nevada! A terrific time on Hannity last night

"What a great night! THANK YOU TO EVERYONE in Nevada- for your unbelievable support since I announced my candidacy! 

Get out & CAUCUS (VOTE) for TRUMP- and we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

 watch Ivanka Trump here: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/nevada/caucus-"
"Watch Trump LIVE at Las Vegas

"LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Rally in Las Vegas
"Very proud of my son Donald Trump Jr.- who gave the keynote speech at the Western Hunt Expo. He is a great outdoorsman and expert shooter

Don Trump Jr - Western Hunting and Conservation Expo Speech
"Wow
"""86% of Republicans think Trump is best candidate to win in November.""

Poll: GOP voters think Trump can win presidency
Illegal Immigration is a BIG problem that must be dealt with! We will build a wall and enforce our laws!
"I hear the Ricketts family
"""Trump speaking truth to power on two crucial issues – trade and immigration."""
Thank you Paul for your endorsement. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I AM IN IT- TO WIN IT! Thank you for your continued support!
"WOW! THANK YOU Atlanta
"Watch TRUMP live at a HUGE rally in Atlanta
"Just landed in Georgia. I have had great friends here for many years. This video brings back some good memories. Together we will ##MakeAmericaGreatAgain

True Character
One step closer to MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have spent the least and am winning big. That's how our country should be!
Thank you South Carolina for the amazing victory. Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. #TrumpTrain
Back stage with my family. THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I love you ALL!

People (pundits) gave me no chance in South Carolina. Now it looks like a possible win. I would be happy with a one vote victory! (HOPE)
"South Carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. VOTE now (today)
I wonder if President Obama would have attended the funeral of Justice Scalia if it were held in a Mosque? Very sad that he did not go!
"THANK YOU to all of our volunteers in Greenville
"GOOD MORNING SOUTH CAROLINA! Do not forget to get out and vote today! The poll numbers are outstanding. They mean nothing
THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA! An amazing day with all of you. Everyone be sure to get out and vote tomorrow! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
"Video of one of my favorite moments from the campaign. I am working for YOU. I am not working for anyone else. Together

Abusive Protestor Interrupts
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I have built so many great and complicated projects – creating tens of thousands of jobs in the process. Building a wall is A LOT easier than building a 64 story building!

LET'S #MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN

Trump Las Vegas
Thank you Franklin Graham.
"SOUTH CAROLINA: STAND WITH TRUMP: This Saturday
"I am self funding my campaign. I want to work for you and not for lobbyists and special interests. From these polls
"THANK YOU for another great day
If we don't have borders we don't have a country. I will build a WALL and stop ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. #TrumpTrain #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"""What would happen to Vatican City if it was to do what Francis is asking America to do?"""
"In response to the Pope:

 which as everyone knows is ISIS's ultimate trophy

 because they want to continue to rip off the United States

 unlike what is happening now


I agree with Marco Rubio that Ted Cruz is a liar!
"GOOD MORNING AMERICA! New CBS poll just released. A strong indication that we are on our way to MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Lets keep up the momentum
Wow! THANK YOU for another great day in South Carolina! Can't wait for tomorrow! Get out & VOTE on Saturday! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch MSNBC tonight at 8:00pm. An in-depth interview with Morning Joe & Mika Brzezinski. #TrumpSCTownHall
Fox News is so biased it is disgusting. They do not want Trump to win. All negative!
"THANK YOU South Carolina! I will not let you down! Everyone get out to VOTE on Saturday
"Jeb Bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. He wants to look cool
I want dreamers to come from the United States. We need to take care of our citizens.
An AMAZING thing happened at a rally yesterday. 2 supporters helped remove a protester so I called them on stage. Watch the video of what they said. I was so moved by their words. These are the people who I want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN for!  Please watch this video:
GOOD MORNING! Put me to work for America- and I assure you that WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
realdonaldtrump is the first presidential candidate in 2016 to reach 1MM Instagram followers. Follow: https://www.instagram.com/realdonaldtrump/ for behind the scenes footage from the campaign trail! #TrumpTrain #Trump2016
"Let me be clear—I am pro-life. I support that position with exceptions allowed for rape

 when it is at its best

 our culture of life in this country has started sliding toward a culture of death. Perhaps the most significant piece of evidence to support this assertion is that since Roe v. Wade was decided by the Supreme Count 43 years ago over 50 million Americans never had the chance to enjoy the opportunities offered by this country. They never had the chance to become doctors

 that abortion is a matter of privacy

 the 1973 decision became a landmark decision demonstrating the utter contempt the court had for federalism and the 10th Amendment. Roe v. Wade gave the court an excuse to dismantle the decisions of state legislatures and the votes of the people. This is a pattern that the court has repeated over and over again since that decision. Perhaps Roe v. Wade became yet another incidence of disconnect between the people and their government.

 the man who has the ability to imagine the greatness of this nation. The next President must follow those principles that work best and that reinforce the reverence Americans hold for life. A culture of life is too important to let slip away for convenience or political correctness. It is by preserving our culture of life that we will Make America Great Again."
"Wow! A great new CNN poll just released. THANK YOU for your support
"I met a special Veteran in Norfolk
Timeline Photos
We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
Good morning America! Just received post GOP debate poll numbers out of South Carolina. We have 4 days until the big day. Everyone needs to get out and VOTE. Together WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
"Thank you- Greenville
It is an honor to receive an endorsement from prominent Texas Pastor Mike Murdock. Thank you! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"So many amazing people have asked how to volunteer in South Carolina.  To accommodate the requests
"RESPONSE TO THE LIES OF SENATOR CRUZ: 

 in politics or otherwise

 at the debate

 when in fact I am staunchly pro-life and have been for a long time. Like Ronald Reagan

 when in fact I have spoken about repealing and replacing this disaster of a system at every speech throughout my campaign and since it's inception. Meanwhile

 when I am one of the strongest proponents of the right to bear arms and I say so in every speech that I have made for years. I am a proud member of the NRA and so are my sons. 

Cruz has become unhinged and is lying with the hopes that his statements will go unchecked until after the election and he will save his failing campaign. 

 Cruz told thousands of Ben Carson voters that Dr. Carson had left the race and to instead vote for Ted Cruz. He apologized when the race was over. Likewise

 I will do so immediately. Additionally

 and it will be a real wall. I am strongest on illegal immigration
"Now that George Bush is campaigning for Jeb(!)
I will take on the tough issues that have been ignored by all talk no action politicians. We will solve illegal immigration and have a country where laws are followed and respected!
"Good morning

 South Carolina! We will straighten out the economy

Tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists & special interests - the bosses! I only want to work for the American people to give them the government and country they deserve. This movement is growing fast and together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"I've been hearing about this for many years
Great new poll from SC. I will keep this country safe and together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
"GOOD MORNING
"Politicians are all talk no action. We've seen where that leads. We're $19 trillion in debt. We need a change. We need a big change. I am not going to be controlled by special interests and lobbyists. I am working for YOU. I am not working for anyone else. Together
I am self funding my campaign. Politicians are all talk and no action. That's why people are supporting me! #GOPDebate
Fact: Ted Cruz wanted John Roberts to be the Chief Justice. That's just a fact!
I don't like executive orders. Consensus means you have to work hard and cajole and make deals. China just bought a stock exchange in Chicago. Carrier is moving to Mexico to make air conditioners. I would go to them and tell them that I will get Congress to stop it. So stay where you are or go to Mexico and face the consequences. #GOPDebate
"We have to take care of our people in THIS country. I will build a wall. If we don't have borders
"I'm going to save Social Security. I'm going to bring jobs back from China
"Jeb Bush spent $44 million in negative ads in New Hampshire and barely came in 4th!

"Jeb's special interests and lobbyists pack the chamber with boo-birds!

You have to knock out ISIS -- they are animals!


Diane S. Sykes and William H. Pryor Jr. would make excellent nominees to replace beloved Justice Scalia when I become president. #GOPDebate
On the way to the #GOPDebate with my wonderful wife Melania Trump.
The totally unexpected loss of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is a massive setback for the Conservative movement and our COUNTRY! https://www.donaldjtrump.com/press-releases/donald-j.-trump-statement-on-justice-scalia
"Millions of $'s in false ads
"1
"The RNC

 do not pay! I am self funding my campaign! Notice has just been withdrawn."
WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpSC
"11
An illegal immigrant gang member gunned down 17 year old Jas Shaw. Trump will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"1
My special interest group- is the AMERICAN PEOPLE!
"Florida: You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary. The registration form must be mailed or hand delivered to your nearest elections office. Watch Ivanka Trump explain how simple the process is.

Florida Republican Registration
"Lying Cruz put out a statement
GREAT new poll. Together we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Build a safe zone. I have been saying it from the beginning. We have to have a heart but we also have to have common sense!
"Nevada you must register republican by this Saturday
"WOW! What a night in Baton Rouge
"So many amazing volunteers for our campaign! The college students I speak
Timeline Photos
We give Iran $150 billion and they mock us? It gets harder and harder for me to comprehend the stupidity of the deals our leaders make.
"We're being ripped off by everybody. And I guess that's the thing that Bernie Sanders and myself have in common. We know about the trade. But unfortunately he can't do anything to fix it
"""Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!"" 

I have been consistent in my opposition to Common Core. Get rid of Common Core-- keep education local!
What a way to start off- in South Carolina! THANK YOU to everyone who came out this evening. I had a GREAT time with you! #VoteTrumpSC- and we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN - TOGETHER!
On Monday evening- after my rally at the Verizon Wireless Arena in New Hampshire- and before the big day- I thanked the most important people on my team. The VOLUNTEERS! It was an honor to take photos with each & every one of them- shake their hands- look them in their eyes- and say THANK YOU! We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN - TOGETHER!
Order the official hat with the slogan that is changing America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain #Trump2016
"As I prepare for my South Carolina departure
"Good morning America! THANK YOU for your vote
Departing New Hampshire with my amazing family! THANK YOU- NEW HAMPSHIRE! Tonight the VOTERS decided. Next stop is South Carolina! I LOVE you ALL & THANK YOU! Together we are GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Another poll location- with amazing volunteers & great supporters! Thank you!
We will immediately repeal and replace ObamaCare - and nobody can do that like me. We will save $'s and have much better healthcare!
"ISIS is making big threats today - no respect for U.S.A. or our ""leader"" - If I win it will be a very different story
I am out at the polls in New Hampshire- thanking my AMAZING volunteers- and supporters who are coming out to VOTE TRUMP! THANK YOU!
"Ivanka Trump out today- visiting poll locations in New Hampshire
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I enjoyed a great breakfast at the Airport Diner! Everyone get out & vote in New Hampshire! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Voting questions? http://www.donaldjtrump.com/new-hampshire
A message to the great people of New Hampshire on this important day: Thank you for all of your hospitality and support. I need you to go out and vote today! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Ending a great day with my special family in NH.

"What a GREAT night- in a snow storm! THANK YOU for all of your support
Looking for more information on the New Hampshire primary? Visit  http://www.donaldjtrump.com/new-hampshire to find out everything you need to know to vote TRUMP on February 9th!
"A GREAT DAY in New Hampshire! THANK YOU for all of your support in Salem
Want exclusive updates from the campaign trail? Text TRUMP to 88022 to be part of the movement to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
America needs strong leadership. Politicians can talk but they don't get things done. I have a strong track record of success and if elected I will do what I have promised to do: #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
I loved the debate! Don't forget to get out and vote Trump- tomorrow! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
So far the Super Bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am in New Hampshire having a great time! Loved the #GOPDebate last night! Everybody enjoy the Super Bowl. #SuperBowlSunday #SB50
"THANK YOU- Plymouth
More great polls from NH. We all need to get out and vote on Tuesday. For more information on how to VOTE TRUMP- please go to https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/new-hampshire- and send us your question(s.) Thank you for all of your support! #VoteTrumpNH
"Tom Brady on Donald J. Trump: ""It's pretty amazing what he's been able to accomplish as an entrepreneur and then as a television star and now running for political office. People who can do those types of things and transition into different arenas and still have that type of appeal and carry over — he's obviously appealing to a lot of different people... Trump always goes home with the money... He just — he doesn't lose. He just doesn't lose.""

Timeline Photos
"A fabulous morning in New Hampshire. I enjoyed having breakfast at Chez Vachon in Manchester- with everyone! Thank you for the warm welcome
"GOOD MORNING AMERICA!

 and the results. Thank you for your support!

Timeline Photos
"There is a tremendous amount of waste and abuse- in the VA! Nobody gets along with Veterans groups
The police in this country have done an unbelievable job in keeping law and order! They are not allowed to do their jobs! We have to give great respect to our police in this country! #GOPDebate
"I'm the last person Hillary Clinton wants to run against. The Democrats are protecting Hillary Clinton. We will galvanize the people of this country and we will beat Hillary!

A good deal maker will make GREAT deals but will do it the way our founders thought it should be done. People get together they make deals. Ronald Reagan did it with Tip O'Neill- very successfully! You didn't hear so much about executive orders. #GOPDebate
"""4 years ago I said 'bomb the oil and take the oil' & if we did that they wouldn't have the wealth they have today! In order to wipe out ISIS & take away their strength- we need to go after their source of money- OIL!""

"Donors

I am going to do the right thing for the American public. I don't need their money! I don't want their money- and I am the only candidate up here who can say that! 

We are going to repeal Obamacare. We are going to replace Obamacare with so much better! The insurance companies are getting rich on Obamacare. We are going to end that! We are going to get a plan- free enterprise! We are going to take care of people! #GOPDebate
Marco said President Obama knows exactly what he is doing. I respectfully disagree with Marco. We have a President who is totally incompetent- and does not know what he is doing! #GOPDebate
"I will build the military bigger

We are going to win with Trump! People don't respect us anymore! We will win with Trump! #GOPDebate
"Next Monday February 8th come join us at the Verizon Wireless Center in Manchester

Timeline Photos
"Via Eric Trump: Debate ready!!!
Timeline Photos
"Wow
It never ends!
The New Hampshire drug epidemic must stop. If elected POTUS — I will create borders and the drugs will stop pouring in. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration
"10
WATCH: Donald Trump OWNS A Heckler Who Said Illegal Immigrants Are The Backbone Of America- via Sean Hannity.
"Thank you
"I very much look forward to tomorrow's debate in New Hampshire—so many things to say
Live Free or Die: A motto for the whole country to follow
Police officers will not have to be afraid of losing their jobs- if I am elected president. They will be respected again- to protect and serve.
"Thank you
So much love in NH!
"I am having a fabulous day in New Hampshire! It was great to spend time with
If elected POTUS- I will begin building the wall immediately- and Mexico will pay for it! It is time to END illegal immigration!
Politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd Amendment. I won't let them take away our guns!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Thank you Bill O'Reilly & Karl Rove. Ted Cruz should be immediately disqualified in Iowa
"THANK YOU to everyone in Little Rock
THANK YOU - NEW HAMPSHIRE! Everyone get out and vote on February 9th- and we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!!
Stop the assault on American values. Stand with Trump to Make America Great Again! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
This was sent out from Ted Cruz- as Iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #CruzFraud
"And finally
The Voter Violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter (grade of F) and told them to clear it up by voting for Cruz. Fraud!
"Many people voted for Cruz over Carson because of this Cruz fraud. Also
"During primetime of the Iowa Caucus
"Ted Cruz didn't win Iowa
Good morning America! I had a fabulous time in New Hampshire last night. I am very grateful for the support of everyone. In addition- thank you to Senator Scott Brown for last nights endorsement- it means a lot. It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #VoteTrumpNH #TrumpTrain
"THANK YOU- Milford
"Surprise! Stopped by our Manchester
 in New Hampshire- please fill out the form and send our way! https://www.donaldjtrump.com/states/new-hampshire"
On my way to New Hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #FITN #Trump2016 #TrumpTrain
I will be talking about my wonderful experience in Iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in New Hampshire. Big crowd!
"Because I was told I could not do well in Iowa
My experience in Iowa was a great one. I started out with all of the experts saying I couldn't do well there and ended up in 2nd place. Nice.
"Ivanka Trump

It all begins tonight - WE WILL FINALLY TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"THANK YOU
IOWA CAUCUS FINDER:
Timeline Photos
"A message to the great people of Iowa on this historic day:

Iowa Caucus  Day
"GOOD MORNING IOWA! The day we have all been waiting for is here. Make sure you get out and caucus tonight- together

Timeline Photos
"A fabulous day in Iowa! Donald Trump Jr. & his beautiful wife Vanessa- had a great time with Iowa Governor Terry Branstad
Timeline Photos
"WOW! Thank you for all of your support in Council Bluffs

 friends

 Iowa!"
"It is time to take back our country- and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Iowa caucus finder:

"Wow
"Good morning Iowa! We are just one day from caucus night! We can ALL make history- if everyone gets out to caucus. Whatever you do-- do not sit home! It is time to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! Never been to a caucus? Follow the easy steps below! Thank you for all of your support
"""We need someone other than a career politician. It's just like when you have a sick child. You look for the best doctor you can find. It may not be a doctor who goes to your church but it's the one who has best experience with that particular illness. We need a businessman.""
Jerry Falwell Jr. 
President
Liberty University
Iowa caucus finder: 
Donald Trump and Jerry Falwell Jr. Campaign in Iowa
"Thank you for an incredible evening- Davenport
Timeline Photos
"You can still contribute to our Veterans!
Timeline Photos
"I had a fabulous time in Clinton
Iowa caucus finder:
Timeline Photos
"THANK YOU to everyone who has supported my campaign! I am very grateful! Do not forget to get out & caucus Monday evening! #CaucusForTrump- and bring your family
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 
Timeline Photos
"Good afternoon

Ivanka Trump - Caucus Finder
"MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
#IACaucus #CaucusForTrump
Timeline Photos
I want to thank evangelical Christians for the warm embrace I've received on the campaign trail. I will not let you down! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!
"THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers
"The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum
Thank you Sarah Palin!
"Thank you for a great morning- Nashua
"Great lesson from a great American hero - John Wayne Walding: 'every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!'

 Jake Schick
Brand New! Get your Veterans for Trump t-shirt now. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Politicians are best at keeping their jobs. I get things done. We are going to start winning so much that you are going to get used to winning! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll! I will always be tough for America
Timeline Photos
"An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6
"Tune in at 9pmE and join me- with my entire family
It is my great honor to support our Veterans- with you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Thank you for your support and kind words
"On Greta
FOX debate advertising rates falling like a rock! Tune into my special event for the Veterans at 9pm EST!
"Amazing evening in Lexington
Show your neighbors who you're supporting! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"Even though I beat him in the first six debates

"I refuse to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo
I am self funding my campaign so I do not owe anything to lobbyists and special interests. I will bring the greatest negotiators and smartest operators to Washington to help Make America Great Again! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"An honor to be endorsed by Sheriff Joe Arpaio in Iowa last night! Thank you!

http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2016/01/26/sheriff-joe-arpaio-to-endorse-donald-trump-in-iowa/

Timeline Photos
"TRUMP CAMPAIGN STATEMENT ON FOX NEWS DEBATE

 NY) January 26th

 highly incompetent people running our country into the ground

 who have been treated so horribly by our all talk
"Thank you for the tremendous support
Timeline Photos
"Wow- great numbers! Thank you

Timeline Photos
Should I do the #GOPdebate?
"What a great honor- the Reverend Jerry Falwell Jr. of Liberty University
I will end common core. It's a disaster. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"No one will bring our jobs back from China and Mexico like Trump.

Exclusive — Jeff Sessions: 'Clarity of Donald Trump's Position' on Trade Is 'Right' as Americans...
"Departing Farmington
"Only 7 days away from caucus night in Iowa! Not sure where your caucus site is? We made it easy for you. Go to our ""Iowa Caucus Finder"" by clicking the link below & we will get you there. Thank you for all of your support!


Obama's deal vs. Trump's deals
"I want to win for the people of this great country. The only people I will owe are the voters. The media
The latest Fox News polls were released for Iowa & New Hampshire. THANK YOU for all of your support! We will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN together- if everyone gets out to vote. This is the most important election in modern times.
"THANK YOU for all of your support- Muscatine
"I will make our Military so big
"Just watched Jeb's ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. Jeb --- mom can't help you with ISIS
"THANK YOU
"Failing Glenn Beck lost all credibility. Not only was he fired at FOX
"I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull
I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
The highly respected Zogby national poll was released- with a new ceiling. THANK YOU for all of your support. WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! Everyone needs to get out & VOTE IN 2016. Every VOTE will count! Thank you!
Donald Trump 1st Republican Presidential Candidate to Beat the Iowa Bureaucracy and Figure Out How to Easily Access Caucus Locations. #Trump2016
"Ted Cruz isn't tough on immigration. He stood up for amnesty
"I am truly honored to receive Willie Robertson's endorsement tonight! He is a great person
"Wow! Thank you
"THANK YOU for your continued support- Las Vegas
"Thank you
I want to win the African American vote. I want to create jobs for ALL Americans!
"Thank you
"Bob Dole Warns of 'Cataclysmic' Losses With Ted Cruz
"15
"Welcome Sarah Palin! Thank you for your endorsement- to be the next President of the United States of America! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Off to a massive rally in Tulsa
THANK YOU Florida! I am grateful for your continued support of my campaign - as I run for POTUS. If I win- I can guarantee that we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you!
"Thank you for an outstanding morning Norwalk
"America has been great to me
Sarah Palin is ready for someone who can take down ISIS and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain- are you?
"I am greatly honored to receive Sarah Palin's endorsement. She is a friend
"""Palin's brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in Trump tower.""
Ralph Reed 
Chairman
"Sarah Palin Endorses Donald Trump
"Wow
"A true honor to receive the endorsement of John Wayne's daughter
Falwell supports Trump: STRONG message delivered at Liberty University. Watch his strong testimony here:
"Thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to Liberty University
$19 trillion of debt and growing is a crushing burden to leave young Americans.
"A great day on the campaign trail with my daughter
"A great afternoon in Concord
"Thank you for a fabulous morning
Thank you Ivanka Trump for the kind words. I am very proud of the role model you are for so many.
"I am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money
Thank you West Coast Choppers Official - Jesse James!
"In Iran deal we get 4 prisoners. They get $150 billion
"Join me on Tuesday
Good morning! Do not forget how important it is to vote in 2016!
Ted Cruz was born in Canada and was a Canadian citizen until 15 months ago. Lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. I told you so!
Departing South Carolina. Thank you to everyone who came out to support! Have a great evening!
"Everyone needs to get out to their caucus sites on February 1
"A great morning in Portsmouth
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! I am heading up to New Hampshire now- wanted to thank you for all of your support. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I am very proud of my #NewYorkValues!
"THANK YOU for all of your support- Urbandale
"Some GREAT polls that show that we won last night's debate easily. If elected
"GOOD MORNING AMERICA - from IOWA!
 #OurCountry - before you see it on air
Our Country - TV Spot
"""If I'm president there won't be stupid deals anymore. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! We will win in everything we do!"" 

"""If I become president

"""China is ripping us off on trade. They're devaluing their currency. And they're killing our companies. We've lost 4 to 7 million jobs because of China. Up to 50

"""We have to stop with political correctness! We have to create a country that won't have people flying planes into the World Trade Center and stop the shooting in California. If you can't use the terms ""Islamic terrorism"" you can't solve the problem."" 

"""Conservatives actually do come out of Manhattan

"""I am a Second Amendment person. We have to protect our Second Amendment!"""
"""I'm very angry. Because our country is being run horribly. I will gladly accept the mantle of anger. Our military is a disaster. Our healthcare is a horror show. Obamacare

 I am angry. I'm angry because our country is a mess!"""
"""I was born here."""
"""We can't let all these people come into our country and break our borders."""
"""It's not fear and terror
#TrumpTrain GOPDebate
Board the #TrumpTrain on my Facebook page at 9EST as my team posts the highlights of #GOPdebate LIVE. Share with us your thoughts and comments on the important subjects we will be discussing.
It's not too late! Get your Make America Great Again hat today and join the movement to take America back from the all talk no action politicians!
"The Brody File: ""Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real"" #TrumpTrain
Donald Trump's appeal to evangelicals is real: David Brody
Iran humiliated the United States with the capture of our 10 sailors. Horrible pictures & images. We are weak. I will NOT forget!
THANK YOU Loretta Lynn Official! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN - will not let you down!
I will defeat Hillary Clinton - and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
THANK YOU! We need to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!
"THANK YOU - PENSACOLA
I have spent the least and am winning BIG. I will run America the same way!
"Sadly
"Like Ronald Reagan
Thank you Pat- very kind. I want to MAKE AMERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN! Everyone needs to get out & VOTE in 2016!
"State of the Union speech was really boring
A GREAT NIGHT IN IOWA! Thank you for all of your support. Get out and VOTE! TOGETHER we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #IACaucus #FITN
Remember- we ALL need to VOTE! Thank you for your continued support!
I am very honored by this article from highly respected Chris Cillizza.
Love seeing union & non-union members alike are defecting to Trump. I will create jobs like no one else. Their #Dem leaders can't compete!
New Hampshire -- THANK YOU!
Will be on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 11:35pmE. Enjoy! #Trump2016 Jimmy Fallon
"Thank you
New Iowa poll. Thank you!
"A very special morning in Windham
"Congratulations to my friend Sylvester Stallone on winning a Golden Globe. A wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved! 

 Sly! I will make you proud."
One of our country's most respected women- thank you so much Phyllis!
Thank you to our law enforcement officers! #LESM #Trump2016
"A very special day in Reno
"I am pleased to announce that I had the Union Leader removed from the upcoming debate. If their highly unethical behavior
"In the just out Fox News Poll
"I just received this great photo of Donald Trump Jr. with Iowa Governor Terry Branstad- who is now the longest serving Governor in U.S. history! CONGRATULATIONS Gov. Branstad!

 Iowa hunting with friends this past week and then stayed through the weekend for the Governor's Annual Hunt in support of the Iowa Economic Development Authority. 

Don attended the same event two years ago. He has made so many amazing friends and loves going back to Iowa to finish off deer season with them all. 
 
Timeline Photos
"If you are still undecided on who to vote for in the upcoming primary
I had a great day in Iowa today with everyone! Thank you for all of your support in both Ottumwa & Clear Lake! Remember the importance of getting out to VOTE in this election! Have a great evening & again- THANK YOU!
"Time Magazine has me on the cover this week. David Von Drehle has written one of the best stories I have ever had. He brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! Read it! 
Timeline Photos
A great defender of women's rights? You decide.
THANK YOU GEORGIA!
"THANK YOU for a GREAT evening Rock Hill
"New Fox News poll just released. THANK YOU for your continued support
New Poll: 74% of Republicans think I will be the nominee. This will only happen if all of my great supporters vote. Make sure you are registered to vote in your upcoming primary so that we can Make America Great Again!
Radical Islamic terrorists is a real threat that President Obama refuses to acknowledge. You will never be successful fighting a politically correct war. We need to be vigilant and Make America SAFE and GREAT Again!
WOW. Another great poll! The people of New Hampshire know that I will not let them down. I will make America safe and great again!
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!
Hillary and her friends!
"Donald Trump Jr.: ""My father is saying things that need to be said."""
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!
"My beautiful wife
"Thank you
So many Americans of all parties are sick and tired of our broken government. They are going to be voting in the upcoming Republican primaries for TRUMP to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
As I have been saying. I would beat Hillary by a BIG margin (if she is even allowed to run) and we face off in a general election. She doesn't have the strength or the stamina to Make this Country Great Again!
Germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. New Years Eve was a disaster. THINK!
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son
"Good morning America! Thank you for your support in the latest national Reuters poll. TOGETHER
A great night in New Hampshire! Thank you for all of the support. Remember the importance of getting out to VOTE in this election! Have a great evening!
"A great honor to have the endorsement of Iowa Senator
"The rally in Lowell
I don't have time for political correctness. And quite frankly this country doesn't have time for it either.
"A very special evening in Massachusetts. THANK YOU for the incredible amount of support! There is no question - that if everyone gets out to VOTE- WE are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN

"I will always fight for what I believe in
Timeline Photos
"I am very proud of this ad that rolls out tomorrow. I don't know if I need it
It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! I will be Hillary's worst nightmare. Thank you for your support!
"Diamond & Silk were fantastic in Mississippi last night. They may like me
"I am further energized by last night's rally with 15
Hillary said that guns don't keep you safe. If she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm!
"Remember
"Heading out to Biloxi
Timeline Photos
I hope Bill Clinton starts talking about women's issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how Hillary abused those women!
The silent majority is no longer silent!
"Hillary Clinton said that it is O.K. to ban Muslims from Israel by building a WALL
We need a wall fast to stop ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION and ILLEGAL DRUGS from entering our country. Its just common sense!
The silent majority is no longer silent! If we get everyone on the #TrumpTrain out to vote in 2016- WE WILL MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN AND GREAT AGAIN- TOGETHER!


















































































































"I have a very big lead





































Had a fun time last night ringing in the new year with my beautiful family. Best wishes to everyone for a great 2016!
"I would like to wish everyone A HAPPY AND HEALTHY NEW YEAR. WE MUST ALL WORK TOGETHER TO
"THANK YOU ILLINOIS! Let's not forget to get family & friends- out to VOTE IN 2016! Together
"#2015BestNine via Instagram. 
"Donald J. Trump on Instagram: ""Here is my #2015BestNine #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016"""
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my son
Thank you for this amazing honor to be named man of the year!
A lovely letter from the daughter of the late great John Wayne. Our country could use a John Wayne right now.
"THANK YOU Hilton Head
"I just departed Council Bluffs
"I agree with my great daughter
Timeline Photos
We need a real President!
"My campaign for president is $35
Thank you! #Trump2016
"If Hillary thinks she can unleash her husband
"Thank you Nashua

"Strange
Good morning America! Great results are in from the highly respected Reuters poll. I appreciate all of your support- as we prepare for 2016! Thank you!
"It begins

"Good morning America! Remember- I will do far more for women than Hillary
Thank you!!
Criminal deportations in the U.S. are the lowest number in many years. We are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. MUST CHANGE!

Thank you for all of your support! I thought you would enjoy this story from today's Atlanta Journal Constitution. #Trump2016
"The same people that said I wouldn't run
"Merry Christmas to all. Have a great day and have a really amazing year. Together
"I am now in Palm Beach
"Donald Trump's Greatest Christmas Movie:
Home Alone 2! #TBT 
Timeline Photos
TIME TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
GOOD MORNING AMERICA! I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you for your support over the past 6 months. The new CNN/ORC poll is out & WE are doing great! This is about ALL of US- working together for the same goal. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! Have a great morning- THANK YOU!
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays!
"When I said that Hillary Clinton got schlonged by Obama
"CNN/ORC POLL: Which candidate is best at handling: #Economy
Good morning America. Wow! Great news coming from Reuters. THANK YOU for all of your support. I will NOT let you down! There is no question about it - whoever the democratic nominee is - they do not want to run against Trump & the #TrumpTrain!

"VIDEO: Women defy media narrative
THANK YOU - America! We are going to end political correctness & fix Washington DC! You can not be politically correct - when it comes to securing our homeland. I assure you that I will do everything that it takes to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
Historic video from our rally in Michigan last night. For the first time - after asking them for months - the media has finally showed one of my many crowds! What do you think is next? The media may ask Hillary some tough questions? It is time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"Hillary said with respect to ISIS
Good morning America! Just received some great news out of New Hampshire! I thank you for the support. I love being out on the campaign trail & meeting so many of you. I assure you that if I become your next POTUS - I will NOT let you down! We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"THANK YOU - Grand Rapids
It's the Democrats' total weakness & incompetence that gave rise to ISIS -- not a tape of Donald Trump that was an admitted Hillary lie!
"Do you think that Hillary Clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about ""the video"" of me being used by ISIS. There is no video."
Very sad what happened last night at the Miss Universe Pageant. I sold it 6 months ago for a record price. This would never have happened!
"Thank you Phyllis!
Top conservative: Trump is 'last hope for America'
"Hillary Clinton spokesperson admitted that there was no ISIS video of me. Therefore
"Jeb Bush today said he didn't want to be the front-runner
It was really strange when Hillary was missing from the podium last night. Not very presidential!
"I think my words represent toughness and strength. Hillary's not strength. Hillary's weak

Hillary couldn't even get back on the stage last night. Nobody even knows what happened to her. It's like she went home and went to sleep! She couldn't get back on the stage last night I'll tell you why. Because we need a president with great strength and stamina and Hillary doesn't have that. 

 smarts

"Hillary Clinton lied when she said that ""ISIS is using video of Donald Trump as a recruiting tool."" This was fact checked by Fox News: FALSE"
Good Sunday morning! A NEW Morning Consult poll is out. We are #1 at 36%! Let's keep up the momentum and #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. Thank you for your continued support - as we make history together. Have a great morning!
George Stephanopoulos stupidly believes that Hillary Clinton wants to run against me because she said so. She says that so people believe it - opposite! I will be her worst nightmare!
"President Obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called Carbon footprint
"THANK YOU CEDAR RAPIDS
"See
Good Saturday morning America! Fox News released their post-debate poll. We are at 39% (+11% from previous) - thank you! I am preparing for my trip to Iowa today. Really looking forward to it! Have a great day everyone. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!

Weak & ineffective Jeb Bush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!
COMPLETE REFUGEE PAUSE MAKES SENSE' •Rupert Murdoch
As I have been saying - only the beginning. We need to protect our homeland!
I have been saying it from the beginning! The refugee situation is getting worse - as each week passes. ISIS is infiltrating the Syrian refugee program- while we have a President who cannot even say the words- RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM!
ISIS is making $400M per year off of oil. I have been saying for years we need to bomb the oil!
You do not want to miss Barbara Walters 10 Most Fascinating People of 2015 tonight at 9:30pmE on ABC! ENJOY!
There is no question that I will handle the threat of terrorism better than ANY candidate running for President of the United States of America! #Trump2016
"GOOD AFTERNOON AMERICA! Christmas is going to be here before we know it! Some GREAT new #Trump2016 gear in the store! It is time to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Together
"#MakeAmericaGreatAgain I will be in Cedar Rapids
It has been a very busy 6 months - since I announced that I was running for President of the United States of America. It was nice to join Jimmy Kimmel Live last night. #Trump2016
Thank you - Tom Brady! #TBT
"I appreciate the support of Wayne Newton! ""Mr. Las Vegas"" joined me at the #GOPDebate on Tuesday evening."
I will be on Jimmy Kimmel Live with Jimmy Kimmel in 15 minutes! #Trump2016 #Kimmel
"THANK YOU Mesa
Clear winner of the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your support! #Trump2016
"Hillary Clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength
"Thank you
"Good morning America! A great evening at the CNN #GOPDebate. THANK YOU for all of your messages on social media. It is time to get back out on the campaign trail - so WE can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! The ""silent majority"" is being heard - loud and clear! #Trump2016"
Thank you to all of my supporters across the United States of America. We had a great night at the #GOPDebate. Thank you for your continued support! Let's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
"If I'm so fortunate to be chosen [as GOP nominee]
"ON IMMIGRATION: ""I have a hard line on this. We have a country or we don't have a country. WALLS DO WORK! Just speak to the people in Israel. #GOPDebate"
I've been saying this for years! It wasn't so fashionable to take the oil a few months ago! Now - we are bombing the oil!
These are people who want to kill us and you're objecting to wanting to kill them? I don't think so. #GOPDebate
"ISIS is using the Internet better than we are
We're not talking about religion; we're talking about security. #GOPDebate
"People like what I say
I am departing Trump International Hotel Las Vegas for the CNN #GOPDebate. THANK YOU for your support! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Highly respected PUBLIC POLICY POLLING (PPP) just announced that I am number one in IOWA. Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
After a great week in the polls - it is time for the final #GOPDebate of 2015. I wanted to take a moment and thank all of my supporters out there! The silent majority is silent no more! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"A great way to stay warm this winter. New #MakeAmericaGreatAgain winter hats are now available! Order today
"Last night - prior to my rally here in Las Vegas
Join Donald J. Trump for President - 2015 & 2016 Campaign Trail
"Between Iraq war monger Charles Krauthammer
"I am in Trump International Hotel
"Good morning America! I am out in Las Vegas

 and want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Thank you for all of your support! #Trump2016"
"What an evening in Las Vegas
Can't believe Major League Baseball just rejected Pete Rose for the Hall of Fame.  He's paid the price. So ridiculous - let him in!
"I am proud to share this report

 but to me it has been easy because I am truly doing something that I love. Our country will soon be better and stronger than ever before. 

– Donald J. Trump

Timeline Photos
"It looks like we just broke another ""ceiling."" While the establishment schemes to nominate someone they control - the voters are clearly indicating that they want someone who will fix the broken political system in DC. Thank you for your support! Together - we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!"
"""The system has become so incompetent and outrageously bureaucratic. The centers of power are so
"Thank you for your continued support! Together
People have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems!
"I was disappointed that Ted Cruz would speak behind my back
Will our government finally acknowledge that we need a WALL? We can't solve our country's problems by being politically correct!
The last person Hillary Clinton wants to run against - is Trump! I will be her worst nightmare! #Trump2016
Good morning. Thank you! I will not let you down. We need leadership - ASAP!
Join me tomorrow morning at 9amE on CNN's - State of the Union with Jake Tapper. A lot to discuss from the Iowa State Fairgrounds. #Trump2016
Reports say #ISIS now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. I told you so! We need to protect our homeland - and make it safe for all citizens. We need leadership! #Trump2016
THANK YOU for a GREAT afternoon South Carolina! I appreciate all of the support you have given me. The silent majority is silent no more! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"Common Core is a complete disaster! We need local education
"Getting the support of Dana White of UFC means a lot. A total winner
Good morning America! Many new polls are out. They are a great indication that you are fed up with political correctness and the direction that this country is headed- and so am I! Thank you for all of your support! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! #Trump2016
"I had a great evening in Des Moines
"Thank you America! Great to see these numbers. The American people will determine the next President of the United States of America! NOT the media. 

Exclusive: Trump lead among Republicans undiminished in first poll after Muslim comments
My Uncle John was a really smart guy- top of the charts-- nice to have great genes! #Trump2016
It would not surprise me either! What I am seeing & hearing from around the country is disturbing. Time for us all to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. Remember! We need to energize EVERYONE to get out and VOTE!#Trump2016
Thank you Georgia. It is a true honor to have your support with 43% in today's new poll. Politically correct is NOT going to cut it anymore. We need to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN - and being politically correct will NOT get it done! #Trump2016
Our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great Turnberry resort in Scotland.
"Thank you Franklin Graham! I have always appreciated your courage
Good morning America! Something really special is going on & I am grateful for all of your support. While the media tries to figure out these latest poll numbers - everyone have a great day & know that if I become #POTUS - we will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
"An honor to be endorsed this evening by the New England Police Benevolent Association in Portsmouth
"As I have been saying
"Big event in Des Moines
Timeline Photos
"For the past 5 months - media poll experts & establishment politicians have predicted that my campaign will fail. As the polls indicate - we are growing


Thank you for all of your support. I am running for POTUS because I love this country - and I do not like the direction in which it is going. We need to secure America now! What are we waiting for? Time to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"Megyn Kelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird
Police in London are backing my claim that the media tried unsuccessfully to discredit. Government elites continue to be out of touch with the facts on the ground. Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials - they don't bury their head in the sand! #Trump2016
Thank you SC! We will NOT let political correctness get in the way of keeping America SAFE! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"It is time to STOP being politically correct - before it is too late!

France Raids Mosques... What They Found Inside Proves TRUMP IS RIGHT!
"Just reported that one of the San Bernardino attackers arrived in U.S. on a fiancée visa with a false address. Our security is a joke. We have to get smart
Timeline Photos
Thank you Jeb Bush- you finally get it!
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED AMERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now!
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll -Trump!  We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!
"Wow
 and very tough
"If you love someone who loves their country
Timeline Photos
"Prior to the end of the year
"Great new poll from NH. Thank you! We need to keep this country safe!
Timeline Photos
The legendary Barbara Walters will be asking me questions about the Presidential campaign on ABC World News Tonight with David Muir at 6:30 PM.
"A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP & ran as an independent. 

Timeline Photos
"Since I am self-funding my campaign
"Just won IOWA CNN Poll BIG: Trump 33% Cruz 20% Rubio 11%
"Thank you to the great crowd at the #USSYorktown in Mt. Pleasant
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:
"I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end
"""A date which will live in infamy."" 74 years later we honor their sacrifice. I am departing NYC for Mt. Pleasant
Poor John Kasich doesn't have what it takes.
"N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets
Based on these numbers - it is clear the MSM will not be determining the next #POTUS! The silent majority - is no longer silent! Thank you! #Trump2016
"Well
"Wish Obama would say ISIS
"Is that all there is? 

Hope he won't spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. Amendment!
"I will be sharing some of my thoughts on President Obama's Oval Office Address
"May the Festival of Lights bring our Jewish friends from around the world
"I have been saying it for sometime now!

"President Obama will address the nation tonight. He needs to acknowledge RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM! On Friday night in North Carolina
"Hillary just said that she will not use the term ""radical Islamic"" - but was incapable of saying why. She is afraid of Obama & the e-mails!"
"GOP National Presidential Poll Averages.
 America! Pundits are spending their Sunday trying to figure it all out. #Trump2016 is going no where! #InIt2WinIt!"
Wonder if Obama will ever say RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORIST?
"Thank you for the support in Davenport
"THANK YOU for an incredible amount of support today in Spencer
"An incredible evening last night - in North Carolina! I am heading to Iowa now! Enjoy a clip from last night - with our internet sensations
"A great night in Raleigh
"Good news
"I keep saying it. When the President of the United States of America
"Very nice
Good Friday morning America! #Trump2016 is #1 in the CNN/ORC poll just released - doubling up the #2 spot. The silent majority is no longer silent. You are being heard! Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch my live book signing! http://bit.ly/1PBJlPn
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!
"Thank you! Get out & vote in 2016! I assure you that together
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.
CRIPPLED AMERICA is perfect gift for friends & family. Order signed copy & join me tonite live streaming 7:30.
"Thank you for this evening Manassas

California shooting looks very bad. Good luck to law enforcement and God bless. This is when our police are so appreciated!
"Thank you CBS & Breitbart-total vindication! Will the mainstream media apologize? Many

Timeline Photos
Watch the replay of Live with the Donald. Will be live again next week!
Join me at 2:00pmEST today - live from Trump Tower - via Facebook & Periscope!
"I had a great time up in Waterville Valley
Order signed copy of CRIPPLED AMERICA & submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12/3 at 7:30 pm.
9/11 NYC Mayor & NYPD Commissioner Confirm via @OANN.
"I will NOT let America down! Thank you for your continued support of my presidential campaign. Together
Look at the editorial I was just sent from the New York Post on 9/14/01 - 3 days after collapse of WTC. Any apologies?
What is Obama thinking?
"""We must secure our borders and return those who came here illegally to their native lands."" Jamiel Shaw Sr."
The Liberal Media' Doesn't Know The Real Trump. #Trump2016
We need a great leader- now!
"We better be vigilant
#1 problem facing U.S. today & #1 presidential candidate to deal with it. #Trump2016
"After my meeting with the pastors tomorrow - it's off to Georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there
"The Sarasota
CNN has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.So totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring!
"Sarasota was an unbelievable success. We expected 5
"We boarded the helicopter for Sarasota
Virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the American people with disabilities than me. Will discuss today at my speech in Sarasota.
"Classmates discuss what I was like - back in my school days. #Trump2016 
Timeline Photos
"IPSOS/REUTERS • Thank You America!
Timeline Photos
Good morning America! Go out there and make some great deals today - just like I will do as your President! Thank you for all of your support. http://shop.donaldjtrump.com #Trump2016
With poll numbers like this - we will all #MakeAmericaGreatAgain real soon! Thank you #TrumpTrain!
A great article to share with family & friends over Thanksgiving dinner tonight. I am thankful to all of my supporters out there! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Have a great day and look forward to the future. We will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
"""I LIVE IN JERSEY & TRUMP IS RIGHT: MUSLIMS DID CELEBRATE ON 9/11 HERE IN NEW JERSEY & WE SAW IT!"""
Thank you for all of your support America! Results like these show that the media will not determine who our next President of the United States will be! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
From South Carolina last night- this is what I call a real supporter! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016
"THANK YOU for your support this evening Myrtle Beach
"A fun time with a great crowd of 14
Brad Paisley came up to see me. A really nice and talented guy.
"Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration
Via Washington Post 9/18/01. I want an apology! Many people have tweeted that I am right! See full article- http://wapo.st/1R1siFz
"Hillary
Thank you for all of your support America! I will NOT let you down. Together we can #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
13 Syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the U.S. through the Southern Border. How many made it? WE NEED THE WALL!
"We better get tough with RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS
Great poll numbers all over and beating Hillary Clinton one on one. Thank you!
Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!
The legendary Barbara Walters interviewed my family(and me) last night on ABC 20/20. Watch the full episode here- http://abc.tv/1NiWNHp
Hillary Clinton is weak on illegal immigration & totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be President of the United States of America!
My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary Barbara Walters tonight at 10PM on ABC 20/20.
"I didn't suggest a database- a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism & have surveillance
"Under our President
The American people will decide on our next President of the United States of America! Not the media - not special interests - not super PACs!
"The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders ""MASTERMINDS."" Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!"
A great evening in Iowa! We will #BuildTheWall & Mexico will pay for it!
I told you so! UnitedHealthcare issues warning. I will repeal #ObamaCare!
"THANK YOU to the 10
We need new leadership- fast!
Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG & BEAUTIFUL WALL!
"Americans are tired of Washington
Thank you for your support America! Together we can & will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! #Trump2016
An honor to have a significant lead in Florida - thank you for all of your support!
How does Ben Carson survive this problem – really big. Similar story on front page of New York Times.
"I
"As President of the United States
The great Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a Special Friday night at 10:00 on ABC News. Preview on ABC World News Tonight with David Muir at 6:30.
What is our President doing?
Refugees from Syria are now pouring into our great country. Who knows who they are - some could be ISIS. Is our president insane?
"Just leaving Knoxville
Discussing how I would handle ISIS - back in February 2015.
"Wow
Discussing the Syrian refugees with Fox News. 10/3/2015 #TrojanHorse
"Remember
Glad to see that Ronda Rousey lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!
I have been saying this for years. NOBODY will be tougher on ISIS than me! Anderson Cooper Anderson Cooper 360 CNN - you should acknowledge this!
"When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM? He can't say it
"Hillary and Sanders are not doing well
Thank you for your support New Hampshire! #Trump2016
"11/13/2015
President Obama states that ISIS is not gaining strength and they are contained.

"President Obama said ""ISIL continues to shrink"" in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.
 much smarter leadership - and we need it NOW!"
My prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible Paris attacks. May God be with you all.
Happy Friday the 13th
"Thank you for your time this evening
"I will be on Erin Burnett OutFront tonight at 7PM. Tune in!
Join Donald J. Trump for President - 2015 & 2016 Campaign Trail
Wall Street Journal and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.
Karl Rove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%
#Trump2016
"Good morning! Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain! 

Thank you!
"Donald Trump Jr. & Eric Trump joined me for the Fox News Business #GOPDebate on Tuesday in Milwaukee
"An honor to meet members of the U.S. Coast Guard upon my return to New York City. Happy Veterans Day to all those who serve and have served in the Coast Guard
"Happy Veterans Day. To those who have served
Thank you Morning Joe -- a great show! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Loved doing the debate...won Drudge and all on-line polls! Amazing evening
Thank you South Carolina! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Thank you New Jersey! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Marco Rubio is a total lightweight who I wouldn't hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician!
I will help the veterans like no one else.
Television ratings for Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
Saturday Night Live has some incredible things in store tonight. The great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! Enjoy!
Signing a copy of Crippled America for Bill!

"The Carson story is either a total fabrication or

"Rubio lied about my meeting with Hispanic activists. I didn't change my opinion but treated them with respect. Shame! 
Learn the Truth about Rubio
"I will unveil my first campaign ads on Morning Joe at 6:30am tomorrow. Enjoy! Also
Press Conference LIVE
"Join me today
"Join me tomorrow
My interview with Mark Halperin and John Heilemann at Wollman Rink airing at 5PM on Bloomberg Politics.
Megyn Kelly used this poll (nobody else did) when I was down—wonder if she'll use it now that I'm up?
"Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!
"I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac
"Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter
Happy Birthday to my friend Gary Player- one of the truly great golf champions of all time. He looks many years younger than his actual age.
"Join me Tuesday
"Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno
"Thanks everyone
"The Economist Poll
"After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa
Thank you Iowa! Great night--- see you soon! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain

All Presidential candidates should immediately disavow their Super PAC's. They're not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself
#TrumpTODAY Watch my appearance on The Today Show from this morning.
An aerial shot of Jacksonville crowd yesterday! I may as well show you because the media won't.
CBS News Poll - WOW!  New Hampshire  TRUMP 38% CARSON 12% BUSH 8%  South Carolina TRUMP 40% CARSON 23% CRUZ 8% Iowa TRUMP 27% CARSON 27%
"Jeb Bush is slashing campaign salaries
Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at Trump National Doral Miami.
"I am self-funding my campaign and therefore I will not be controlled by the donors
"Joe
"I think Joe Biden made correct decision for him & his family. Personally
"The great workers who just completed the skylight at Trump International Hotel
Bill Clinton wants to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. I am fighting to make sure it doesn't happen again. Jeb is too soft- we need tougher & sharper.
"Jeb
"Hillary Clinton is on the front page of The New York Times waving to 200 people in New Hampshire. My crowd next door was 5
#FlashbackFriday With my wonderful father Fred at my graduation from the Wharton School of Finance.
"CNBC has just agreed that the debate will be TWO HOURS. Fantastic news for all
The GOP should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that CNBC is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party. CNBC is pushing the GOP around by asking for extra time (and no criteria) in order to sell more commercials. Why is the GOP being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #DemDebate?
Signing my tax return....
"Incredible crowd in Richmond
"The debate last night proved that Hillary is running against the ""B"" team. She won't be so lucky when it comes to me!"
We need a strong leader- and fast!
Check out OAN and compare to what you are watching now! #DemDebate
"Wow
Notice that illegal immigrants will be given ObamaCare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our VETERANS #DemDebate
Sanders said only black lives matter - wow! Hillary did not answer question! #DemDebate
This is not a great debate - a little sad! #DemDebate
"Sorry
Good move by Bernie S. #DemDebate
"The hardest thing Clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including Iraq vote
"All are very scripted and rehearsed
Who is winning the debate so far (just last name)? #DemDebate
"O'Malley
Can anyone imagine Chafee as president? No way. #DemDebate
"The trade deal is a disaster
Get rid of all of these commercials. #DemDebate
Putin is not feeling too nervous or scared.  #DemDebate
"We will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. I will shoot straight and call it as I see it
"Should be interesting but too bad the three guys at《1% will be taking up so much time -  but who knows
I will be hosting Saturday Night Live on November 7th. Looking forward to it!
"How can Jeb Bush expect to deal with China
"At the request of many
Watch my interview with Sean Hannity from earlier tonight-
"President Obama was terrible on 60 Minutes tonight. He said CLIMATE CHANGE is the most important thing
Thank you Georgia! I had a great afternoon with all of you! I will be back soon. #MakeAmerciaGreatAgain
"I will be going to Atlanta
"Great
"I'm at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
"Wacky Glenn Beck who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show- a real nut job!
 his viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevant- glad I didn't do his show."
"Ben Carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman
I will be on Special Report with Bret Baier tonight at 6PM.
"So
"I'm leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking
"Just leaving Nashville
"Will be in Nashville
"My warmest condolences to the families of the horrible Roseburg
Behind the scenes of People.com photoshoot.
"Interesting
"With Willie Robertson
Prediction: Rand Paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1%!
Do you believe this - Iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners (not 4) for 19 prisoners held by the U.S. Should have been let go with last deal!
I know you will enjoy reading my tax plan. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Tax Plan Press Conference LIVE
Looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11AM at Trump Tower New York. Watch live on this page at 11AM!
I will be on 60 Minutes tonight. A great honor-- hope you enjoy it.
"An updated POLL tracker (with all polls thru the weekend) reveals I maintained a double digit lead at 34.8%. Not only that
Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country. Has worst attendance record in Senate- rarely there to vote on a bill!
Great reception in D.C. At the Values Voter Summit. Now checking on my job at the Old Post Office! Ahead of schedule and under budget! Will be in Oklahoma tonight!
"Dishonest The New York Times reporter Jonathan Martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward during my speech in South Carolina. Liar!
Join Donald J. Trump for President - 2015 & 2016 Campaign Trail
So happy about my daughter Ivanka Trump's announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. Congratulations!
Fox News has been treating me very unfairly & I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future.
"Yogi Berra was not only a great baseball player
I will be doing The Late Show with Stephen Colbert at 11:30 on CBS. Enjoy!
"I think Megyn Kelly should take another eleven day ""unscheduled"" vacation."
"Senator Marco ""amnesty"" Rubio
Yom Kippur blessings to all of my friends in Israel and around the world. #YomKippur
I will be on the The Late Show with Stephen Colbert tonight at 11:30.
I got to know Scott Walker well- he's a very nice person and has a great future.
Jeb has been confused for forty years...
"Carly Fiorina did such a horrible job at Lucent and HP
"I am attracting the biggest crowds
A great night in Iowa!
"Christians need support in our country (and around the world)
"If someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the President
 the media would have accused me of interfering with that man's right of free speech. A no win situation!"
This is the first time in my life that I have caused controversy by NOT saying something.
Am I morally obligated to defend the President every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? I don't think so!
"Wow
"I've just released my position papers on The Second Amendment. 
Second Amendment Rights
"Just announced that in the history of CNN
The #CNNDebate was amazing --- so much fun!
"Will be heading over to the #GOPDebate soon. Can you believe CNN is ""milking"" it for almost 3 hours? Too long
"Little respected Club For Growth asked me for $1
"I will rebuild the military
"Vets mistreated
"Congrats to my friend Arnold Schwarzenegger who is doing next season's Celebrity Apprentice. He'll be great & will raise lots of money for charity.
 sorry I couldn't do The Apprentice any longer— but equal time (presidential run) prohibits me from doing so. Love!"
"Had a record crowd in Boone
Watch my skit from The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
Backstage with Jimmy Fallon before opening skit- great fun! The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
Amazing crowd outside The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. Tune in at 11:30.
Let's all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again!
Watch my speech from the #StopIranDeal rally-
Bobby Jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore I have never met him. I only respond to people that register more than 1% in the polls. I never thought he had a chance and I've been proven right.
I will be speaking at the #StopIranDeal rally shortly- watch live here-
A letter to CNN President Jeff Zucker-
Wake up Jeb supporters!
"I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday
"Hillary said such nasty things about me
"By self-funding my campaign
"Just announced that because of ""Trump""
I'll be in Dallas at the American Airlines Center on Sept 14th at 6PM.  Will be great to be back in Texas. http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/0C004F23943C33B9
The Pledge #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch major press conference from Trump Tower New York LIVE
Congratulations to Tom Brady on yet another great victory- Tom is my friend and a total winner!
The deal with Iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. The U.S. lost on virtually every point. We just don't win anymore!
A terrible deal with Iran!
No more Clintons or Bushes!
"While millions are being spent against me in attack ads
"For those that don't think a wall (fence) works
"This is no ""act of love"" as Jeb Bush said..."

"Wow
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain From my speech in South Carolina yesterday-
The press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself!
"Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone
"I totally disagree with the FOX statement. I do not think Megyn Kelly is a quality journalist. I think her questioning of me

 I am very pleased to see the latest polls from Public Policy Polling showing me at a strong number one with 35% in New Hampshire


Even Barbara Bush agrees with me.
Depression- be careful of China!
Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.
"The last thing we need is another Bush in the White House. Would be the same old thing (remember ""read my lips
"New Reuters Poll just came out and has me at 32%
How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can't even defend his own microphone? Very sad!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpRallyAL
"Boston incident is terrible. We need energy and passion
"We are going to have a wild time in Alabama tonight! Finally
"Behind the scenes video with ""Uncle Sam""(eagle's name) and me."
Had a special visitor in my office yesterday for TIME photo shoot.
On the cover of TIME Magazine- a great honor!
Thank you New Hampshire! Together we will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain !
Will be in New Hampshire and then on CNN Special at 9PM tonight.
It does matter!
The polls have been really amazing-- we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals!
"Just got back from the #IowaStateFair. Record crowds
People don't understand that I left The Apprentice to run for President- The Apprentice DID NOT leave me. Bob Greenblatt & folks at NBC were GREAT!
Not under my watch-
http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/12/politics/cnn-orc-poll-iowa-republican-caucus-data/index.html
"Will be interviewed by Sean Hannity tonight at 10 PM for the full hour. Hope you enjoy it and
The #IranDeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. Will lead to at least partial world destruction & make Iran a force like never before.
Our online store is officially open! Visit www.DonaldJTrump.com/shop to shop the latest #MakeAmericaGreatAgain merchandise.
We must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. Rampant problems will only get worse. Take back our country!
"Roger Ailes just called. He is a great guy & assures me that ""Trump"" will be treated fairly on Fox News. His word is always good!"
Enough is Enough- no more Bushes! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wonderful Frank Gifford has just passed away at age 84. He was my friend and a truly great guy! Warmest condolences to family.
"Re: Megyn Kelly quote: ""you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes
"So many ""politically correct"" fools in our country. We have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense!"
"via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum
"Fox News you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history & you say nothing but bad. Dopey Charles Krauthammer should be fired. 

http://time.com/3989007/gop-debate-ratings-donald-trump/
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #GOPdebate
Just arrived for the #GOPdebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"I look forward to tonight's ""debate"" -- but look far more forward to making America great again. It can happen! #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"
Wow! Such a wonderful article from fantastic people-- my great honor!
Do you notice that Hillary spews out Jeb's name as often as possible in order to give him status? She knows Trump is her worst nightmare.
http://www.local8now.com/home/headlines/92-year-old-registers-to-vote-for-first-time-says-will-vote-for-Trump-313102521.html
Thank you Gawker! Call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message.
My #GOPDebate Facebook question for the other candidates-
"It came out that Huma Abedin knows all about Hillary's private illegal emails. Huma's PR husband
I wish good luck to all of the Republican candidates that traveled to California to beg for money etc. from the Koch Brothers. Puppets?
Watch my interview with Eric Bolling that aired today- http://nation.foxnews.com/2015/08/01/donald-trump-why-he-scares-gop-establishment
"Wow
I look forward to the debate on Thursday night & it is certainly my intention to be very nice & highly respectful of the other candidates.
I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/28/exclusive-trump-obama-shouldnt-attack-americans-overseas-hillarys-email-was-criminal-smears-against-me-vicious-but-ineffective/
We must protect our veterans. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/249400-poll-trump-holds-double-digit-lead-in-nh
"When people find out how bad a job Scott Walker has done in WI
Watch my interview with Jack Tapper on  CNN State of the Union.
Packed venue of people who want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/07/24/donald-trump-surges-in-post-mccain-backlash-poll/
From an amazing day on the border in Laredo.
Arriving to check out the border.
I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!
Rick Perry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!
I'm glad President Obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. It's about time!
"Donald J. Trump Orders Flags to be flown at Half-Staff at all Trump Properties in Honor of the Five Fallen Soldiers

Mr. Trump Takes Action and Shows Commitment to Military and Vets

 NY) July 20th

 ""This disgraceful omission is unacceptable and yet another example of our incompetent politicians. It is a simple yet meaningful and important gesture that signifies our respect and recognition for these great soldiers who lost their lives. We must do better for all Americans

 Mr. Trump has established a hotline (855- VETS- 352) and email address (veterans@donaldtrump.com) for Veterans to share their stories about the need to reform our Veterans Administration.

 but a politician has no clue."
"I am not at all surprised by the Des Moines Register's sophomoric editorial. It was issued immediately after the release of the ABC News/Washington Post poll showing me with 24% and an eleven-point lead over my nearest rival. As one of the most liberal newspapers in the United States
 
 a state whose people I have truly gotten to know and love
We will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans.
"John McCain called thousands of people ""crazies"" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!"
It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.
"I am not a fan of John McCain because he has done so little for our Veterans and he should know better than anybody what the Veterans need

 he was extremely disrespectful to the thousands upon thousands of people

These were not ""crazies""---these were great American citizens.

I have great respect for all those who serve in our military including those that weren't captured and are also heroes.


"Donald J. Trump Response to Huffington Post
 
 along with all other recently released polls including Reuters
 
 where he is also number one
 
Mr. Trump singlehandedly raised the issue of illegal immigration and started a national conversation about what has turned out to be one of the most important topics of this election cycle.
 
 Mr. Trump is the leader on issues such as the terrible United States trade deals
 
 Mr. Trump has never been a fan of Arianna Huffington or the money-losing Huffington Post.
 

Get rid of gun free zones. The four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. They were highly trained but helpless without guns.
Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.
No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again.  #Iran
"Failing candidate Hillary Clinton
 
 she is sad
 
 however
I am so happy that people are boycotting Macy's.
Have some fun with this-
"The U.S. will invite El Chapo
"Can you envision Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton negotiating with 'El Chapo'
Mexico's biggest drug lord escapes from jail. Unbelievable corruption and USA is paying the price.  I told you so! http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/12/world/mexico-el-chapo-escape/
I want to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100
 they are severely wounded
"""Trump leads GOP field in North Carolina""

Trump leads GOP field in North Carolina
"It is time to create jobs for Americans
Happy Fourth of July to everyone! Make America Great Again!
"Wow
Make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. Even President Obama agrees-
Look what the President of NBC sent me recently about his stay in my Las Vegas hotel. Very loyal guy.
Statement on Relationship with NBC-
Speaking at the City Club of Chicago. Sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"Jorge Ramos- Please send me your new number
Addressing record crowd yesterday at Madison County Iowa GOP Dinner. We can bring common sense to D.C. & #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!
"When somebody challenges you unfairly
Letter to Univision- Re: Trump National Doral Miami
"Univision wants to back out of signed Miss Universe contract because I exposed the terrible trade deals that the U.S. makes with Mexico. I love Mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the U.S. so stupidly makes with them. Really bad for U.S. jobs
Mexican government doesn't want me talking about terrible border situation & horrible trade deals. Forcing Univision to get me to stop- no way!
"A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal & called me last week to go to his concert. Wow! For the nonbeliever
"Speaking at the Red
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
"""The last person I'd want negotiating for me is President Obama"" Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren."
Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Who do you want negotiating for us? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father.
Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.
"Mr. Trump believes that Hillary Clinton has lost all credibility when she blames him for the horrible incident in South Carolina. Why would Mrs. Clinton attack Donald Trump for something that he has nothing to do with?
 
 Mr. Trump also cancelled a sold out campaign event.
 
 a responsible leader should be focused on uniting and healing the country.
 
Mr. Trump believes that Hillary Clinton does not have any credibility when she blames words for violence. This is the same politician who lied to the world after she failed to take proper steps to secure the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi and falsely blamed the radical Islamic attack on a YouTube video. This is the same person who illegally deleted her emails after getting a subpoena from the U.S. Congress.
 

Hillary Clinton reaches new low. #TrumpVlog
The tragedy in South Carolina is incomprehensible. My deepest condolences to all.
Watch my appearance on Morning Joe- great interview! http://on.msnbc.com/1GSpKor
Speaking to great patriots at Manchester Community College. My first visit to Granite State since declaring my candidacy! #FITN #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Heading to New Hampshire. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We need someone with experience to rebuild America. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Watch my interview with Bill O'Reilly after declaring my candidacy for President of the United States in Trump Tower New York.
Today I officially declared my candidacy for President of the United States. Watch the video of my full speech- https://youtu.be/q_q61B-DyPk
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am officially running for President of the United States. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
At 11AM I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower. Watch it live on Periscope!
It is almost time. Today is the day! I will be making a major announcement from Trump Tower New York at 11AM. Follow on social media! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Do we really need another Bush in the White House--- we have had enough of them.
Tomorrow at 11AM #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I am really happy that Hillary made her speech right under Trump World Tower!
Amazing NH poll released! We are getting ready to Make America Great Again!
#TrumpAdvice
"Standing ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back
"Standing room only in Mason City
Too bad I don't get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune!
I will be making a special announcement from Trump Towers at 5th Ave on June 16th at 11AM.
June 16th-
"I had a fantastic time with Jack Nicklaus at the grand opening of the great Trump Golf Links
"Great grand opening event yesterday at Trump Golf Links

Watch the latest #AskTheDonald to see if your question was answered!
I had a great time today visiting Facebook NY.
I had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at Facebook NY today. Watch me answer the #rapidfirequestions!
It is time for another round of #AskTheDonald. I will answer your questions in a video from a special location later this week.
Trump National Golf Club Westchester- a great place! trumpnationalwestchester.com
#TrumpAdvice
Sue them Tom! #TrumpVlog
"They had no definitive proof against Tom Brady or Patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce emails
Happy #MothersDay to all the great mothers out there!
#TrumpAdvice
A strong military makes us respected by our allies & feared by our enemies. Let's Make America Great Again!
#TBT With my friend Muhammad Ali
#TrumpAdvice
"I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by @doryainteriors
Star Wars #MayThe4thBeWithYou--- here is when Darth Vader and I did some firing.
Our amazing golf course Trump International Golf Links.
"Just got back from Las Vegas. Trump International Hotel Las Vegas was fantastic in every way
#TrumpAdvice
Met a big fan today!
"President Obama
"Wow
#TrumpAdvice

#TrumpAdvice
#TBT With Steven Spielberg in the old days- a great guy!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain donaldjtrump.com
#TrumpVlog Trouble in paradise for Clintons-
"For America to be strong again
#TBT Trump and Gekko
The great Mariano Rivera in my office with my son Eric Trump.
"See the amazing views from Trump National Golf Club
Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today.
Meeting with Iowa State Senate Leaders
#TrumpAdvice
"Have a fantastic
"Trump Golf Links
"Oil is under $50/barrel. Now is the time to increase sanctions against Iran
#TrumpVlog Be careful with Iran.
Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. U.S. has to get tough!
"With Greta in Washington
THE DONALD J. TRUMP PRESIDENTIAL EXPLORATORY COMMITTEE
""" ""I am the only one who can make America truly great again
Boy did Pharell & Robin Thicke get screwed. The Marvin Gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. Get new lawyers fast!
"Wow
The problem with the U.S. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. Every nation beats us!

"I am happy to announce that the PGA Grand Slam of Golf will be held at Trump National Golf Club


Just arrived at Trump National Doral Miami for the Cadillac Championship starting tomorrow.
With my friends at the great adidas Boost event at the Cadillac Championship at Trump National Doral Miami.
The Cadillac Championship Thursday March 5th- Sunday March 8th at Trump National Doral Miami. For more info- http://bit.ly/1ETy1Vy
Watch my speech from earlier today at #CPAC2015
#TBT With the cast of GoodFellas
"Via Washington Post ""Trump says he is serious about 2016 bid
The evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weather- boring and too many other topics.
Trump to host #Oscars?
"The #Oscars2015 are a sad joke

"The winner of Best In Show of the 139th Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show

Timeline Photos
Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice? Find out tonight- LIVE- on NBC at 8/7c!
"As a former host of Saturday Night Live


I still don't know who I'm going to choose. Geraldo Rivera or Leeza Gibbons? Who do you like? Watch the live finale Monday night on NBC!
#TBT With Britney Spears
#TrumpAdvice

Don't forget to watch The Apprentice tonight— you will love it! 8 PM on NBC.
"I predicted Rosie O'Donnell would fail at The View
Happy Birthday President Reagan #FlashbackFriday
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch the video to find out if your question made it!
It's time for another round of #AskTheDonald. Please send me your questions and I will answer them in a video very soon.

"With three wonderful

Timeline Photos
ICYMI Clip from last night's explosive #CelebApprentice boardroom-
"All new The Apprentice starts right now!

Timeline Photos
"Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is not only the best episode ever
It must have been President Obama that called in what will go down as the DUMBEST PLAY IN THE HISTORY OF FOOTBALL. Same thought process! #SuperBowl
"Now that Mitt Romney is gone

Miss Universe Paulina Vega in my office- a wonderful person! Photo: Justin McConney- The Trump Organization
#TrumpVlog Obama- stop chewing gum!
Indiana Jones and Ghostbusters- what's wrong???#TrumpVlog
"All new The Apprentice starts right now!

Timeline Photos
Miss Universe ratings were great! A big win and a wonderful night! http://bit.ly/15CFDQ7
Preview of tonight's all new The Apprentice- 8PM on NBC.
Don't miss the #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 8/7c with performances by @NickJonas @PrinceRoyce and @GavinDeGraw.​
Manny Pacquiao and friends at Trump National Doral Miami.
Watch the 63rd Annual Miss Universe Pageant tomorrow on NBC at 8PM! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrZFlfLjaV0
With @souleschris from #TheBachelor in Iowa.
The Miss Universe contestants review their amazing stay at Trump National Doral Miami. Watch the 63rd Annual Miss Universe Pageant this Sunday at 8PM on NBC.
#TBT With the wonderful actor Jack Nicholson
I look forward to attending & speaking at the Iowa Land Investment Expo- total sellout crowd! Landinvestmentexpo.com
"Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon- ""no more fighting!"" #TrumpVlog #MissUniverse"
Click the photo and submit your #FinalQuestion in the comments below it. Watch the 63rd Annual Miss Universe Pageant on NBC this Sunday at 8PM and see which question made it!

"With Shawn Johnson and Lorenzo Lamas from The Apprentice- two great people!
Timeline Photos
Tomorrow on the Miss Universe Facebook page at 10AM ET submit your question for the contestants and it might be chosen as the final question for this year's Miss Universe pageant! Watch the 63rd Miss Universe Pageant this Sunday at 8PM on NBC!
With Joan Rivers and Ivanka Trump from last night's great boardroom!
The Apprentice will be very interesting and exciting tonight at 8PM on NBC. Joan Rivers puts on a great show! http://youtube.com/watch?v=F1BeQUj2lN8

"This Monday at 8PM on NBC- the episode of The Apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....Joan Rivers stars
The new Red Tiger course at Trump National Doral Miami. Follow Trump Golf for more great photos.
#CelebApprentice Photo from last night's boardroom.
All new The Apprentice starts now on NBC!
Lights... Camera....You're Fired! All new The Apprentice tonight at 8PM ET on NBC!
My Morning Joe interview from Trump National Doral Miami on why Romney shouldn't be GOP nominee-


Watch my appearance on the Late Show with David Letterman from last night-
#TBT With Tommy Lee Jones at Mar-a-Lago.
"If the people so violently shot down in Paris had guns
My condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris.
Watch this video to learn more about Trump International Realty's Michelle Griffith and some of our spectacular real estate in New York City.
"Wow
Two new episodes of The Apprentice start right now on NBC!
Two all new episodes of The Apprentice starting at 8PM tonight on NBC. Here is a clip from last night's boardroom-
"TheRealKeshiaKnightPulliam at Trump Towers at 5th Ave The Apprentice red carpet this afternoon- a wonderful woman. It was an honor to donate $25
The Apprentice starts now on NBC. This is going to be a special season- great characters and cast. You will soon see!
Premieres at 9/8c tonight on NBC!
#CelebApprentice The Apprentice returns tonight at 9/8c on NBC.

#CelebApprentice Who will hear those two famous words? The Apprentice premieres tomorrow at 9/8c on NBC.
A sneak preview of the upcoming season of The Apprentice. Premieres this Sunday at 9/8c on NBC.
The Apprentice season premiere this Sunday at 9PM on NBC.

"To EVERYONE
"This Sunday at 9/8C


"Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day
#TrumpAdvice
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice & expecting a different result.
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of Trump Rink.

"#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2
#TrumpVlog The Interview A sad day for freedom of speech-
"I was the featured guest at the very prestigious Economic Club of Washington
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
"When terrorists are beheading and executing American citizens in such a brutal way
"#TBT My confirmation picture at First Presbyterian Church in Jamaica

ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums & raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
#TBT With James Lipton on the set of The Apprentice.
The cast of the new season of The Apprentice. Premieres January 4th on NBC.
So sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice-- he would be rich as hell!
#TrumpVlog Rosie wasn't even a short term fix at The View.
#TrumpVlog Rosie needs to rest and relax. It's not working.
"Just as I predicted- Rosie would fail on The View. Ratings way down
"Happy Thanksgiving - I hope everyone can get together to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! It won't be easy
There is no excuse for riots in #Ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome.
#TrumpVlog Hagel quits-
#TrumpAdvice
#TBT
"I am no fan of Bill Cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent
"""Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out."" – Fred C. Trump (My father!)"
"ObamaCare will continue to stop entrepreneurship

"""How to travel like a billionaire! Inside Donald Trump's £63m private jet""- http://dailym.ai/1wQnzbY"
#TrumpAdvice

Obama's attack  on the internet is another top down power grab. Net neutrality is the Fairness Doctrine. Will target conservative media.
Happy #VeteransDay to all.  And it is nice to have Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi back home.
"It is my great honor to send $25
"Listen to hear The Donald vs. ""The Donald""(Frank Caliendo)
"Mike & Mike: Trump
My wonderful golf club Trump National Golf Club Colts Neck
#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpVlog Make our country great again!
A really bad night for President Obama. Now the Republicans have to get together and get the job done!
Watch this video to see the new cast of The Apprentice. Premieres January 4th on NBC.
#TrumpAdvice
#FlashbackFriday Kim Kardashian on the set of The Apprentice
Happy Halloween! http://yhoo.it/1DDcHla
#TBT With my family growing up- I'm on the left.
"Happy Birthday Ivanka Trump! You are an amazing daughter! 
Timeline Photos
#TrumpVlog Quarantine the nurse!

#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed!
"Ebola has been confirmed in N.Y.C.
#TrumpVlog Free our Marine!
#TrumpVlog South African justice-
Oscar Pistorius will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. Another O.J. travesty. The judge is a moron!
Has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a Mexican prison because we have a President too incompetent or too lazy to make a call?
Coming soon to Pennsylvania Avenue
#TrumpVlog Katy Perry will do much better-
"3rd rate writer
I am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with President Obama's mental health. Why won't he stop the flights. Psycho!
Katy Perry must have been drunk when she married Russell Brand – but he did send me a really nice letter of apology!
"DONALD J. TRUMP WINS MAJOR VICTORY OVER N.Y STATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ERIC SCHNEIDERMAN

 (For Further Information Contact Michael Cohen 212.836.3212 Mcohen@trumporg.com
or Jeff Goldman 212.867.4466 x312  jeffgoldman@bbwg.com)

 if any.  The minor remaining portions of the case create a very heavy burden for the Attorney General to win

 including myself

000 students

 certain newspapers did not cover this victory correctly and only spoke to Schneiderman and his people. The real fact is this has been almost a complete and total victory for Donald Trump and the school."
I can't believe that Mitt Romney would run for president again. He had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race.
"Can you believe that
#TrumpVlog China is laughing at U.S.

"Are NFL games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? In any event
#TrumpVlog Why are we the sad suckers?
"My golf club Trump National Golf Club Westchester
#TrumpVlog Will our brave soldiers catch Ebola?
Stop the flights!

Obama has missed 58% of his intelligence briefings. But our president does make 100% of his fundraisers.
"President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now
"Something very important
#TrumpAdvice
I've realized that success requires 100% effort and 100% focus. Nothing less. Get out there and go for it.

Obama can attend a fundraiser every day but can't be bothered to get briefed on national security. Commander-in-Chief?!

"I wonder if I run for PRESIDENT
My friend Derek Jeter is a special athlete & special person-- there is nobody like him.
The U.S. should not be giving away our strategy & tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. Just go and do what you have to do!
Realize that persistence can go a long way. Being stubborn is often an attribute.

My interview on 9/13/01 with a German reporter after visiting Ground Zero https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoYXihwcp8c
"On 9/11
I can't believe that the judge in the Oscar Pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. No one has been more guilty since O.J.!
"If Obama resigns from office NOW
Why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against ISIS? It puts our troops at a disadvantage.

President Obama has just reached an ALL-TIME low approval rating! Is anybody surprised? The happiest person is former President Jimmy Carter.
Joan Rivers was a great friend and a truly magnificent talent. She had an energy like no other and it was an honor to know her so well. She was my winner of the eighth season of the The Apprentice and had a strength seldom seen. We just finished shooting Season 14 of Celebrity Apprentice and Joan was a very entertaining and important part of it. She will be missed. Watch here as Joan wins Celebrity Apprentice.


Joan Rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. Her energy and talent were boundless. She will be greatly missed.
"No more massive injections. Tiny children are not horses- one vaccine at a time
Watch Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump accept my #ALSIceBucketChallenge- http://youtu.be/_l-C6Cpkd10?list=UU9AKA0PYiGCSPqfCEMaKtag
Enjoy the #hyperlapse of Trump Tower.

"Good luck and best wishes to my dear friend
#icebucketchallenge For those of you who wanted a picture here it is-
"The ALS #IceBucketChallenge that Trumps them all-
Donald Trump ALS Ice Bucket Challenge
"Vince McMahon
"Once the ISIS thug who beheaded Foley is identified 100%
ISIS made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. Even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. LEADERSHIP!
#TrumpAdvice
"The first General killed in a combat zone since Vietnam

#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpAdvice
#TrumpAdvice
Robin Williams was a truly wonderful actor & comedian. One of the few people who could make me laugh. Very tragic.
"We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader
Obama will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Don't believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the @usopen
Doctors have already died treating Ebola http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/ebola-virus-outbreak/doctor-contracts-ebola-after-treating-american-who-died-nigeria-n171946 …  We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
"Focus on your goals
"If our border is not secure
Watch this tour by Trump International Realty's Michelle Griffith of this luxurious penthouse in Trump Park Avenue- http://youtu.be/vOXD_RBV9rM
Get our Marine out of Mexico.
The Republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. How could they lose to Obama?!
"This week's groundbreaking at the Old Post Office Building in D.C. was amazing. Great people
"I say we cannot continue to let Obama fly around on Air Force One
I had a great time in D.C. yesterday at the Trump International Hotel- Old Post Office groundbreaking ceremony. Watch the video- http://youtu.be/CjTvRflsAfU
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something
Jimmy Kimmel Live is terrific but for Obama to fly on Air Force One ($'s) to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous.


Obama claims that he needs an extra $4B to secure the border. Well then he should not have wasted $5B on the ObamaCare website.
"It's not that I'm so smart

"The harder you work
Rosie is back on The View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster.
The immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn't have a clue. We need new leadership FAST!
"""America is the experiment that works."" – President Ronald Reagan"
"Happy 4th of July to everyone
There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.
What can you learn today that you didn't know before? Set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can.
#FlashbackFriday Many big movies have filmed in my buildings. Here is @TrumpChicago in #Transformers 3.
"#TBT Filming a Oreo commercial with Eli Manning
#TBT Saturday Night Live
America used to be the leader of the world. Thanks to Obama America isn't even leading from behind.
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland. It's absolutely gorgeous!
"Turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be Trump Turnberry
The Trump Organization Finalizes Purchase of Legendary Turnberry Resort in Scotland.
"To all of the great fathers out there
Jailed USMC Sgt Andrew Tahmooressi should be released immediately. Since when does Mexico care about border security?#BringBackOurMarine
"Thank you Today Show for the wonderful and honest poll results on Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago sign. People love it!
Trump defends sign on his Chicago tower: 'Everybody loves it'
"#TBT With my father
"Iraq told us to get out
"Someone just asked me
Special event at Trump Vancouver
Tune-in to NBC tonight at 8/7c for the 2014 #MissUSA Competition LIVE from Baton Rouge.
Thank you to the greatest heroes.  #DDay70 #WWII
Happy 30th birthday #Ghostbusters! It was great to have Trump Tower be a part of the series.
"Obama is
Only you can #SavetheQueen during the LIVE telecast of #MissUSA on June 8 at 8/7c on NBC. Click for more info: http://bit.ly/TaVsaT
#TBT A picture of my fantastic father and myself. Best teacher in the world! A great Father's Day gift—a stay at my 5 star hotel @TrumpNewYork along with items from my signature collection http://bit.ly/1nlhz8V
"Amazing view of Trump National Golf Club
President said we would never leave a soldier behind. How about the 4 who died in Benghazi?
Another Obama disaster-

"Snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake
#TBT Here I am with Gwen Stefani and Donald Trump Jr.
Watch my speech from the National Press Club luncheon yesterday- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKkKQmbyECw
The Obama administration gives better medical care to Al Qaeda at Gitmo than to our vets.
"Just returned from Ireland
Entrepreneurs: See yourself as victorious-- and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. Find something you love doing!
"Hitting the first ball at Trump International Dubai
"I am in Scotland checking on my developments in Aberdeen and Turnberry. Just left Ireland
"Advice from my father
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.



A rare case where the U.S. should help-
A message for Hollywood-
The road to success is always under construction. --- Arnold Palmer.
"Congrats to Barack Obama on April's job report. Over 800
#FlashbackFriday At Military Academy- second from left.
Announced with PGA of America that we will bring Sr. PGA Championship to Trump National DC & the PGA Championship to Trump National Golf Club Bedminster.
"It is amazing that after lambasting Donald Sterling on Fox and Friends
What would Donald Trump do about Donald Sterling?
Putin has shown the world what happens when America has weak leaders. Peace Through Strength!
We allow Japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can't make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble!
#TBT As a young man when I proposed the Convention Center in New York City.
"Many call Trump International Golf Links ""The World's Greatest Golf Course""
"A storied franchise with a loyal fanbase
#FlashbackFriday With Rudy Giuliani at Trump National Golf Club Westchester
#TBT WrestleMania 23
I pick the best locations- Trump National Golf Club Charlotte has incredible views of beautiful Lake Norman.
"Remember
"Obama lied when he said ""you can keep your plan
It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required. -- Winston Churchill
"#FlashbackFriday With Mickey Rooney
"#TBT On the stage during the Emmys performing ""Green Acres"" with Megan Mullally "
"""Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see."" – Arthur Schopenhauer"
So many people don't understand I am a big proponent of vaccines for children—just not in one massive dose—spread them out over time.
"Neil Young- one of my favorite musicians- in my office.

Timeline Photos
I can't believe David Letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy!
#TBT- WrestleMania 23: I shave Vince McMahon's hair- highest rated show in WWE history.
"Entrepreneurs: Pay attention to details. If you don't know everything about what you're doing
Yesterday in front of Rockefeller Center.
"Healthy young child goes to doctor
"""Success is not final
"Getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. Here's some advice for public speaking: ""Be sincere; be brief; be seated.""  F.D. Roosevelt"
I had a great time answering your questions in the latest #AskTheDonald. Watch the video and see if your question made it in.....
"I don't hate Obama at all
It's time for another round of #AskTheDonald. Please send me your questions and I will answer them in a video next week.
"""The only way to do great work is to love what you do.""  – Steve Jobs"
"""The best vision is insight."" -- Malcolm Forbes"
"While I won't be running for Governor of New York State

"With Patrick Reed right after winning the Cadillac Championship this weekend at Trump National Doral Miami.

Timeline Photos
"The opening of the Tiger Woods Villa at Trump National Doral Miami.

Timeline Photos
"M.M. is a good choice - also
Angelina and Sidney had a really strange vibe going! #Oscars
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website!  #Oscars
This is Amateur Night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #Oscars
They should have allowed applause during the TRIBUTE to the departed - Really bad production. Bette Midler sucked! #Oscars
"Judy Garland was much better
"Whatever happened to ""old Hollywood""?  So much more glamorous. It's Obama's fault (just kidding)! #Oscars"
Do you believe this singing? #Oscars
I should host the #Oscars just to shake things up - this is not good!
Is this boring or is it just me? #Oscars
I'm having a real hard time watching the Academy Awards (so far). The last song was terrible! Kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #Oscars
Entrepreneurs: Keep your momentum. See yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. Keep everyone moving forward.
Russia beat the United States in the Olympics- another Obama embarrassment! Isn't it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass?
"""Great minds have purposes; others have wishes."" --Washington Irving"
"Individual commitment to a group effort  is what makes a team work

"Isn't it crazy
"""Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success."" -- Henry Ford"
If ObamaCare is such a wonderful law then why does Obama summarily change the law before an election?
Great purchase in Ireland- will be a top spot! http://bit.ly/1kyRcwI
"""Destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work."" - Think Like a Champion"
Negotiation: It is persuasion more than power.
Wind energy is a complete economic disaster…. http://on.wsj.com/1nIaz6D
Rio de Janeiro joins the Trump Hotel Collection in 2016. It's going to be a spectacular hotel!
The President of the U.S. is the leader of the Free World. He should dress like it at all times. Wear a suit and a tie for major interviews.
"I can't get over
"This may be the worst football game played by one team
Enjoy the Super Bowl!
COURT FINDS IN FAVOR OF TRUMP UNIVERSITY
Raffaele Sollecito was unfairly convicted. He didn't kill anyone. The Italian government should be ashamed.
Steven Tyler stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy!
"Excited to announce Trump Rio de Janeiro
Press conference at the opening of the Gary Player Villa at Trump Doral.
"With Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump at the opening of the Gary Player Villa at Trump National Doral Miami.

Timeline Photos
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
"For entrepreneurs
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife Melania Trump-- a truly great decision by me!
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
"WWII vs. Now! During the 3 1/2 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor in December 1941 and ended with the surrender of Germany and Japan in 1945

 invaded Africa

 that during almost the exact amount of time
"To get momentum
"Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
"""Winning takes talent
A-Rod's lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. He should be banned from spring training.
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history-
"Understand that difficulties
It's Thursday. How many people have lost their healthcare today?
#TBT With Darrell Hammond when I hosted SNL.
"Today is the 10 year anniversary of The Apprentice
"Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Have your own vision & stick with it. Don't be afraid to be unique. Every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level.
Just hit a million on Facebook-
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early & get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe- or end it.
"Have a happy
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
"""No one remembers who came in second."" -  Walter Hagen"
"Be tough
"""Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression."" - Think Like a Champion"
#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere.
"O.K.
"Merry Christmas
"Always try to learn from other people's mistakes
"#1. Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities
 a lot of great ideas go nowhere.
 not the problem. Learn to focus on what will give results."
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald. Watch to see if your question made it!
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP6VqB4klpQ
"No cuts to welfare
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John.
"I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never
"For all of those that think life is easy & don't want to work
I will be doing another round of #AskTheDonald. Please ask me questions and I will answer in a video later this week.
"Under President Obama
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
"Wow
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
"""Is business success a natural talent? I think it's a combination of aptitude
"After climbing a great hill
#TBT Playing golf with some friends at Trump National Golf Club Westchester not so long ago.
"Exciting news—After massive construction
The atrium of Trump Tower dressed up for Christmas.
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame-
A beautiful view from my office today. #TrumpTower #Winter #CentralPark #Snow
"Great meeting with Naghmeh Abedini
"Show me someone without an ego
Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed.
A special message for Martin Bashir-
There are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- Beverly Sills
"You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. Just remember
Congratulations to the White House. For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. Very unfair!
Trump International Hotel & Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline with its 616 ft twisting & beautiful tower.
Spectacular progress has been made to the Main Clubhouse at Trump National Doral Miami!
With the great Billy Graham at his 95th birthday.
"Look at the solution
"We always enjoy hosting tourists in Trump Tower. They come from all over the world to see the Atrium
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans' healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Here I am playing golf with Tom Brady.
"Tom Brady is a good friend of mine
"What a rotten deal we made with Iran. We get nothing (except laughter at our stupidity). They get everything
"If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged
I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the first round of #AskTheDonald. Watch to see if your question made it!
I want to answer your questions here on Facebook. #AskTheDonald and I will answer some of your questions in a video later this week.
"Miss Universe

Timeline Photos
Guess who is talking to Miss Universe at Trump Tower? Not terrible hair!
I got George Zimmerman right- watch- http://instagram.com/p/g5oz_tGhRa/
"Again
"Miss Universe visited my office- tall and beautiful!

Timeline Photos
President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter!
Trump National Doral Miami villas- before and after-
WE WILL ONLY BE THE LAND OF THE FREE AS LONG AS WE ARE HOME OF THE BRAVE!
"I'm in Moscow for Miss Universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard
"""Don't toss off your problems
Success tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent-- and be tenacious.
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night.
This year's The Eric Trump Foundation event featured a performance by The Apprentice winner John Rich. A great event for a great cause! Watch the video-
"#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website-
#TrumpVine on ObamaCare website-
"""Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves."" – Think Like a Champion"
A great victory in Scotland ...
First Titantic sunk on its maiden voyage. Next the Hindenburg explodes on its first flight to America. Now we suffer the ObamaCare rollout!
"Jack Nicklaus with Donald Trump Jr.

Timeline Photos
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
I'll be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9PM.
Entrepreneurs who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope & Change.
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned Washington Redskins to change its name. He needs to focus on his job!
"""Life is difficult no matter what
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotland—very smart judge! Front page article.
"No one wants the government to shut down
"Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president
The Democrats in Congress don't want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards? How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
Everyone should calm down. Ben Affleck is going to do a great job as Batman.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel!
"Wow
God bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today. You will never be forgotten!
"Donald Trump Jr.
"Lots of fun on The View with Jenny McCarthy and Sherri Shepherd.

Timeline Photos
"Doing a commercial for the NFL and Fox- lots of fun!

Timeline Photos
"""Remember the golden rule of negotiating: 'He who has the gold makes the rules.'"" – Midas Touch"
"AGAIN
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
"From the great author of Rich Dad
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama.
We have given Syria so much time and information- there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
"#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband http://bit.ly/16VSvj6 .  You can help! I did @fundanything #donate
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of Oprah Winfrey's show- Oprah is terrific!
"Time flies- it's Trump Tower's 30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history.
Trump Tower Celebrating 30 Years
"Our great project in South America
#TrumpAdvice
"#TBT Myself with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See
"Obama has exempted businesses
"Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump International Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for ""Best Pet-Friendly Hotel""
Vote for Best Pet Friendly Hotel
"""Get respect
Let me sum this up for you...
Who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT
"Negotiation tip: Be patient
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner-
Happy Birthday Nelson Mandela!
"With an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio
"Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch this video.
"""Action is the foundational key to all success."" - Pablo Picasso"
Steven Tyler visited me at Trump Tower- what a great guy!
"Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation
John Sweeney Interviews Donald Trump- Unaired Footage 2013
My son @EricTrump and @LaraLeaYunaska just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
We should be concerned about the American worker & invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
"Call it any way you like
China loved Obama's climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
"""If you have a hard time communicating
Receiving the @RobbReport trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
.@GovernorPerry stopped by to say hello.
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent. He was also a decent man. We will all miss him.
Trending story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thought- could happen to anyone!
A friend of mine went to @CakeBossBuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @TrumpTowerNY.
"At press conference receiving accolades for ""world's best golf course""- Trump International Golf Links Scotland."

"""Inspiration exists
"A-Rod has disgraced the blessed Yankees organization
I have a surprise for a really special kid on Thursday's episode of Katie Couric. Don't miss my talk with Jacob: http://ktie.tv/1950UzS
Watch this video to take a sneak peek into one of Trump Park Avenue's most exclusive residences on the market.
"""Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life."" - Golda Meir"
"Isn't it amazing that Obama ""never knew"" about the IRS scandals until he saw it in the news?!"
.@TraceAdkins- the winner of @ApprenticeNBC after last night's victory-
Who do you like of the final two? #CelebApprentice
People love Lil Jon!
"""To be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. Momentum is all about energy and timing. "" - Think BIG"
Obama & his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. Mitt must be going wild thinking about it!
The Trump Organization is honored to be expanding our interests into Dubai. The golf course will be the top course in the Middle East.
Enjoy The Apprentice tonight at 9PM - a really great episode!
"Please tune in Thursday
"""Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back."" – Babe Ruth"
Just left news conference at @TrumpTowerNY with @TheGaryBusey- people love @TheGaryBusey!
Great photo with Ivanka Trump and Joan Rivers from this week's The Apprentice.
Next year @TomBrokaw should be the comedian at the White House Correspondents' dinner. The only problem is that with marbles in his mouth nobody would be able to understand the jokes.
The  White House Correspondents' dinner was so boring this year- I guess that's because I didn't attend(even though I was invited by 5 different groups).
I have a lot of @Apple stock--- and I miss Steve Jobs. Tim Cook must immediately increase the size of the screen on the iPhone. It should be slightly larger than the Samsung screen- and they better get it right fast because they will lose a lot of business.  I like the larger screen.
Joan Rivers comes back in a big way tonight on The Apprentice - she is fantastic. 9PM on NBC!
"""Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting."" – Think Like a Champion"
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004.
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with Eric Trump- see same hairstyle!
The Boston killer applying today for ObamaCare. He demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. Does this include dental?
It was great to have The Apprentice veterans George Ross and Bret Michaels back in the boardroom.
"Watch Gary Busey tonight on The Apprentice- some really crazy things happen! 9PM ET NBC!
Gary Being Gary - All-Star Celebrity Apprentice Preview
#TBT With Donald Trump Jr. almost 35 years ago.
"The reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. And as we have learned from ObamaCare
Everyone loves @AmandaTMiller- here she is with @Joan_Rivers and me.
I discuss yesterday's tragedy at the Boston Marathon in today's video blog.
Throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at Fenway in Boston- Boston will be better than ever.
"Make sure to watch The Apprentice tonight at 9PM ET on NBC. A great show
I talk about Obamacare in today's #TrumpVlog-
"Don
Congratulations to Ivanka Trump and Jared on the big news.  I will have yet another grandchild this fall!
"What a great group! With Arnold Schwarzenegger
I discuss South Korea in today's all new #TrumpVlog- http://youtu.be/agk9ZCrYol4
"Follow me on Instagram- @realDonaldTrump

Fellow inductee Bruno Sammartino and me at the WWE Hall of Fame.
Here I am with Trish Stratus at the WWE Hall of Fame.
In today's all new #TrumpVlog I discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame.
It was great seeing Arnold Schwarzenegger at the WWE Hall of Fame.
Here I am with Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump presenting the WGC Cadillac Championship Trophy to Tiger Woods at Trump National Doral.
"Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt
The Apprentice is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty Melania Trump who reveals her great skin care collection Melania Caviar Complexe C6 available at Lord and Taylor.
Spent full day with contractors at Trump National Doral - it will be amazing!
.@WineEnthusiast just awarded Trump Vineyard's Sparkling Reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in Virginia History. Congratulations to @TrumpWinery.
"""You can't tax business. Business doesn't pay taxes. It collects taxes."" - Ronald Reagan"
With Dr. Dror Paley & Dr. Ben Carson with two wonderful children at Mar-a-Lago.
"""Winning is the most important thing in my life


"BIG NIGHT on The Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT
"Take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. Remain open to new ideas. Remain fluid
Please help @autismspeaks with their petition to the White House for a national strategy for the autism epidemic. http://bit.ly/YfQpAX
Thanks for all the nice comments about the Late Show with David Letterman last night. I enjoyed it and David enjoyed the ratings.
Going on Letterman now - let me know what you think - how did I do?  Here we go!
I'm doing the Late Show with David Letterman tonight -should be interesting!
Many people look at successful people & don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
"""Luck does not come around often. So when it does
Last night's  The Apprentice once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. The buck stops there.
The Apprentice tonight at 9PM ET on NBC- some amazing things happen!
Wow - they are really killing Jay Leno - let him go out with dignity!
Don't blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. It may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love.
"It won't stay a buyer's market forever. If you can
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.
NBC just announced that all 1 hour The Apprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hours- it's amazing what good ratings will do!
It was great having @ArsenioHall back on this week's @ApprenticeNBC!
Don't forget to watch The Apprentice tonight at 9PM ET on NBC - GREAT EPISODE!
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral.
"So
I'll always like @OMAROSA because she constantly defends me. #CelebApprentice
".@PiersMorgan is right- he won the show because ""I know how to play the game."" #CelebApprentice"
.@IvankaTrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #CelebApprentice
Don't worry West Coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #CelebApprentice
Paul Teutul is always good on the show. #CelebApprentice
Even @PiersMorgan is impressed by @THEGaryBusey. #CelebApprentice
.@OMAROSA as a cashier- a big mistake by @BrandenRoderick. #CelebApprentice
.@KellyandMichael are both wonderful people. Their show is terrific. #CelebApprentice
.@DennisRodman must be thinking of North Korea. #CelebApprentice
.@THEGaryBusey is definitely different. #CelebApprentice
.@PiersMorgan and @OMAROSA really hate each other. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump and @PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors. #CelebApprentice
I can't believe he would choose @OMAROSA as his first choice! She is hard to handle. #CelebApprentice
I always believed @BretMichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. I disagree with him but respect his decision. #CelebApprentice
".@LisaRinna looks better with her reduced lips. Good move
Looks like @OMAROSA is up to the challenge. #CelebApprentice
How does this cast look to you? Pretty amazing. #CelebApprentice
I will be live tweeting during the premiere of The Apprentice at 9 PM ET. #CelebApprentice
".@DeeSnider
.@StephenBaldwin7 and me at a press event for All-Star @ApprenticeNBC earlier today at @TrumpTowerNY. #CelebApprentice
.@IvankaTrump and me at the @todayshow this morning.
There is no comparison between @ApprenticeNBC and Shark Tank in the ratings. The Apprentice beats Shark Tank hands down even after being on television for 12 seasons.
"Wow
The Oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty?
"Remember
"In my office with Banana Joe
"I went to Wharton
Melania Trump looks amazing in 2000 Sports Illustrated!
.@KarlRove is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
Good luck @RoccoMediate and nice hat!
Is Karl Rove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
My TMZ interview with Harvey Levin discussing how I will see my $5M lawsuit against Bill Maher to the end. tmz.me/XVAiI1
Obama can kill Americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowed—only in America!
"Happy 102nd birthday to President Ronald Reagan. Every day that passes
.@sternshow My interview with Howard Stern this morning!  http://youtu.be/OM-eC23QcMs
"Wow- no longer Saturday delivery from U.S. Postal Service- no money- our poor
Had a great time on The Howard Stern Show this morning—he will and should never change!
The Country is being run just like the stadium.
The lights went out in New Orleans...the Country's lights went out also. We are not the same place!
"As promised
Instinct has a lot to do with timing. You have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move.
"Donald Trump Jr.
"Little Mac Miller
"Little @MacMiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song ""Donald Trump"" such a big hit. Mac
I don't know why the Yankees keep paying A-Rod- they have a perfect out.
"Another nasty season premieres Sunday
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago.
A party at Mar-a-Lago with Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown.
Just to show you that my predictions turn out to be right re: Anthony Weiner.
Happy 8th Anniversary to Melania Trump.
Watch this great behind the scenes video of Ivanka Trump's Spring 2013 photo shoot- http://youtu.be/Qd8xZctYpSc
Here I am with @RodStewart at Mar-a-Lago.
.@_KatherineWebb with some of my memorabilia.
"You wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful @_KatherineWebb is- 6'5"" in heels. She is also a total winner in every respect."
Miss Alabama @_KatherineWebb stopped by to say hello today.
"Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star @CelebApprentice
Here I am with Christian Bale when they filmed The Dark Knight Rises at Trump Tower. Very nice guy and terrific actor.
Here I am with Miss Universe 2012 Olivia Culpo at a press conference. Photo: Valerie Macon
Watch Ivanka Trump's December video update.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible.
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.  #Sandy
"""What I am is a great builder. I build great things and become successful
"Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid
Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April opening—great news for Scotland.
Celebrate 2013 @TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now: http://ow.ly/fgj3w
Help those in need affected by #Sandy. @TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to @RedCross for #sandyrelief. http://ow.ly/fgiX2
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral.
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing.
She's baaack! @Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. But it won't help-- she's got no talent & no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
A test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @ABC (other than his bad ratings).
".@hardball_chris says he's ""glad"" we had a hurricane!  With many people dying and thousands hurting
Chris Matthews: 'I'm so glad we had that storm last week'
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin' Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article… http://bit.ly/PCgw7n
"Amazing
We have to make America great again!
This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it-- reasons why to follow.
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble... like never before.
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
"Well
Me voting--- it really is my hair!
"I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win
Watch this behind the scenes video of Ivanka Trump's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot.
Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words---
A wonderful place.
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency.
Press release. Video response to follow.
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
President Obama missed the deadline!
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel- http://bit.ly/TOU3Fu  A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
"Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.
Timeline Photos
I will be on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tonight. Lots of fun!
"Not one Trump building
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out.
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you!
"People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium ---   unlike others
"Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
"Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was ""professionally dead."" I saved her tiny career—now she knocks my offer on the TODAY Show!"
"Sarah Jessica Parker voted ""unsexiest woman alive"" – I agree. She said ""it's beneath me to comment on the potential Obama charitable gift."" What's really beneath her?"
"One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer & give $1
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity. @Late_Show
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
"Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain
The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
"As stated
"You have all been waiting--- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be making the announcement on Facebook and Twitter tomorrow.
"When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden.
"Mitt Romney looks much calmer
"I guess they don't have freedom of the press in Scotland.  We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to publish it.  I don't know what is wrong with it
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
"A reader just sent me the following:
 
 Time To Get Tough
 
 I was stunned when I re-read that. Sagely
Robert Pattinson- I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen Stewart- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
I find it very sad that we have a President with zero private sector experience attacking an opponent for being successful.
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Stupid George Will gave Mitt Romney no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
"Obama better than last time
"You talk tough
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
"Obama weak on immigration. All words
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak. Mitt Romney is looking strong and sharp.
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
All-Star Celebrity Apprentice press conference-
The cast of the upcoming season of The Apprentice on The Today Show this morning......
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think?
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat.
Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment. Follow @realDonaldTrump.
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50% of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
If Rihanna is dating Chris Brown again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
The Celebrity Apprentice cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30 AM ET during The Today Show with Matt Lauer.
"I just had to fire someone
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
"With these record high gas prices
A record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps http://bit.ly/Uz9Hpi  Four more years?
More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate. A new record. See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
"""Mr. President
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Who is this guy? Where's the media? bit.ly/SzIBuR
Trump Tower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
"As a big job creator
"Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good
"My daughter Ivanka Trump is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also being honored
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 700 million voters will be watching.
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company. Cronyism!
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
Thanks for all the great comments!
Republicans and Mitt Romney must get tough very soon.
Check out this amazing video of the talented kids over at St. Jude's Children's Research Hospital singing Hey Jude! Great job!
Our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes- watch the video for a look...
I am very proud of Eric Trump. He did an amazing job raising over 2 million dollars for St. Jude Children's Hospital at this year's Sixth Annual Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational.  Watch the video to see more about the event which also featured a performance by Lisa Lampanelli.
Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations!
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr. & his father have done an amazing job...great school & the students were fantastic.
A letter written to one of my many critics!
A letter from an amazing woman.
"After being ripped off for years
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
"Wake Up America! See article: ""Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake"""
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
"In today's video blog I speak about Clint Eastwood
Here I am with Donald Trump Jr. and the architects of Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Michael Clarke Duncan. He was a talented actor and a wonderful fiance to my friend Omarosa. Will be missed.
Melania Trump is on QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces & Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
Here I am with Donald Trump Jr. and the crew at Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
Walking Trump International Golf Links Scotland with my greens crew.
"Gas prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand
Playing a round with President Clinton and Arnold Palmer at Trump National Golf Club Westchester.
I am very worried that if President Obama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
The golf course in Scotland is a raging success- it's the talk of Europe! www.trumpgolfscotland.com
Obama is petrified of the birther issue so they go on the offensive to try and make the Republicans feel guilty and stupid. Watch what's coming!
"I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and
"Nice letter from Macy's great & talented boss
Watch the video to see the opening of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course.
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation.
"Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said
I am very surprised that Lance Armstrong gave up. I never thought he was a quitter. He should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
Watch the video to see the opening of Trump International Golf Links Scotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course.
"I'm not only honored to be receiving the 2012 Statesman of the Year award
Great read from Newsmax.
"Watch my On The Record interview discussing why President Obama is not a nice guy
A great photo of Mitt Romney and me.
Miss Teen USA 2012 Logan West visited today.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the RNC convention. Everyone will love it.
"My Squawk Box CNBC interview discussing Mitt Romney's pick of Paul Ryan
"Jeffrey Robinson's Trump Tower has it all. The ultra rich
"Watch the video to see if your questions were answered. It was a lot of fun
Great article on Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
"A review of Mike Tyson's show
Watch this video to see how Ivanka Trump granted the wish of an aspiring jewelry designer.
I would like to answer your questions in my next video blog.
You guys and gals are amazing- such great energy! Thanks!
I am really appreciative of your great comments about Trump International Golf Links Scotland and other things. Such great support! You are my friends!
"My Squawk Box interview discussing 2012 election polls
Ivanka Trump's latest video update.
"Working with Ivanka Trump on the repositioning of the newly acquired Doral in Miami
I played a great game of golf with Mark Sanchez this past weekend.
This was recently sent to me--interesting.
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
In today's video blog I review The Dark Knight Rises.
The 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland.
"My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect Mitt Romney this November.
Two more weeks until the July 10th opening.
"This is what happened at a great Scottish Golf Course
Wind Turbines
The wait is almost over- Trump International Golf Links in Scotland opens July 10th.
Please read this article-
Please read this recent article-
Mitt Romney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you!
Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue.....
"The Trump Home Central Park Barware Collection is a great gift idea for Father's Day. Available at Macy's and Bed
"Tune in tonight at 7:00PM EST.
"I just did a cameo in the Miss USA 2012 ""Call Me Maybe"" video featuring Andy Cohen and Giuliana Rancic. Watch the video..."
Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look...
Watch Miss USA 2012 live tonight on NBC at 9PM ET.
The Miss USA 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City. Watch Miss USA 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET on NBC.
The Miss USA 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City. Watch Miss USA 2012 this Sunday at 9PM ET on NBC.
My new fragrance Success by Trump is the perfect gift for Father's Day. It is sold exclusively at Macy's and smells fantastic! http://bit.ly/IXwKzV
The Trump Home Mattresses by Serta are fantastic. Check out our new collection of iSeries mattresses- http://bit.ly/Nf4taF.  You will love them!
"During their press tour of New York City
I am thrilled that my Success by Trump gift set is now available on Macys.com. A great scent is the perfect way to top off any look! http://bit.ly/Lip8Lw
Who would you like to see on next season of Celebrity Apprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
In today's video blog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter.
Who will win? Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC.
The final two in the lobby of Trump Tower. Watch the live Season Finale 9PM ET this Sunday on NBC.
"Donald Trump Jr.
The final two- Arsenio Hall and Clay Aiken- visited yesterday.
Watch Ivanka Trump's latest video update.
Last year's Celebrity Apprentice winner John Rich and Marlee Matlin stopped by to interview the final four in this week's episode.
I had a great time doing press interviews with Lisa Lampanelli and Teresa Giudice earlier today.
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice. Watch right now on NBC and follow @realDonaldTrump.
A photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open.
Shaun White stopped by to visit this week.
"Here is a great video from the official launch of my new fragrance
"Watch this sneak peek of tonight's The Celebrity Apprentice. 9PM ET NBC.
The Apprentice: Jingle All the Way Home
"Here's a photo from my appearance at Macy's Herald Square with the stunning Miss Universe 2010 and face of Success by Trump
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th.
"We recently held the ribbon-cutting ceremony to mark the official opening of the spectacular new Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto
Tonight's #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET NBC. It will be amazing.
"The song ""Donald Trump"" hits 54 million views. Mac Miller- where's my money?"
"I've always believed that Mar-a-Lago is the most extraordinary mansion ever built in America
"In today's video blog I discuss Anthony Weiner
"Dick Clark was a friend of mine
"I am getting ready to head over to Macy's Herald Square to officially launch my new fragrance
I will be at Macy's Herald Square at 5:30 PM today for the launch of my new fragrance Success. Come over and say hello!
"Paul Teutul
My new golf course in Aberdeen Scotland continues to be recognized as quite possibly the greatest links course ever built and it hasn't even opened yet. Everyone in the golf world is talking about it.
I've gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a baby/toddler under 24 months are. It is totally insane – a baby cannot handle such tremendous trauma. Now they come up with this ridiculous study blaming obesity in the mother. The FDA should immediately stop heavy dose vaccinations and you will see a huge decrease in children with autism. What do they have to lose—nothing—but plenty to gain if I am correct. There is great dishonesty about autism!
"Governor McDonnell
Ivanka Trump recently held her Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at Lord & Taylor in New York City. Watch for a behind the scenes look-
Celebrity Apprentice contestant Lou Ferrigno stopped by to visit today.
"My book with Robert Kiyosaki
"My book with Robert Kiyosaki
"In today's video blog I discuss Obama's deal for gas prices
Dee Snider and Debbie Gibson joined me for interviews today to talk about The Celebrity Apprentice.

Miss Universe and Miss Teen USA stopped by yesterday to visit.
Greta Van Susteren and me yesterday. Watch the interview- http://bit.ly/H2khYt
Behind the scenes photo of Greta Van Susteren and I filming an interview- Watch tonight at 10PM ET on Fox News.
Eric and I going over blueprints for another amazing project.
"Mar-a-Lago
Find out about our new #CelebApprentice App http://bit.ly/AyyZij
"Afghanistan
"Last night's Celebrity Apprentice featured my daughter Ivanka's spring 2012 collections of apparel
"Ivanka Trump just posted a new video update sharing some exciting news including the opening of Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto to Doral
OP ED piece written by me on the Old Post Office building....
Gasoline prices are skyrocketing.
Oscars' Biggest Losers: Sacha Baron Cohen and Vanity Fair
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower.
"Apprentice wins! The Celebrity Apprentice got off to a fantastic start on Sunday
The winner of the Westminster Dog Show came to visit me at Trump Tower earlier today.
Playing password on Jimmy Fallon with Dee Snider and Teresa Giudice from The Celebrity Apprentice. Photo copyright: Lloyd Bishop/NBC.
"Paul Teutul
In today's video blog I discuss windfarms.
"Below is a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. of ""American Chopper"" and ""The Celebrity Apprentice"" presented to me today in Trump Tower."
My thoughts on Rick Santorum in today's video blog.
"Tune in tonight at 1:00AM EST.
"You're hired! Hired to get voting. The CENTURY 21 ad is airing today during the Super Bowl and we need your votes! To preview the ad
My endorsement of Mitt Romney.
"I'm on my way to the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Las Vegas
President Obama's dismal record.
I'm very proud to celebrate the 15th anniversary of Trump International Hotel & Tower New York. We have the best location in the world—right on the south west corner of Central Park with Columbus Circle and Lincoln Center as a backdrop. This beautiful building has always been one of the highest rated hotels in the world as well as offering the most coveted condominiums in the city. I invite you to take a closer look at one of the crown jewels of the New York City skyline.
"I'll be starring in the Century 21 Super Bowl spot along Deion Sanders and Apolo Ohno.  It's going to be a great game and a great commercial
Check out this photo shoot video of Ivanka Trump's Spring 2012 collection.
"In today's video blog I discuss President Obama's State of the Union address
"My new tailored clothing collection is now available at Macy's stores nationwide and on Macys.com. Pair it with a Donald J. Trump Signature Collection dress shirt
"I am honored to be chairing the American Cancer Society Gala tonight where I
The Republicans must defeat President Obama and not themselves.
"This season of Celebrity Apprentice is even bigger and better than ever. We've never had more candidates and we've added three extra episodes. Take a look at the new cast who will be appearing on the premier
There's still time to order my new book in time for Christmas. It's a great gift!
"Congratulations to my son Eric on making Forbes ""30 under 30"" list!  I am extremely proud of his tremendous personal and professional accomplishments – he is talented
China is laughing...
The first book signing at Trump Tower in New York was so popular that I'm doing another one on Thursday from noon to 2pm in the atrium off of 5th Avenue. Don't miss it!
"Order ""Time To Get Tough"" in either hardcover or the Kindle edition now on amazon.com."
"Lawrence O'Donnell and Rosie O'Donnell- same last name
"Tonight I will be signing copies of Time To Get Tough in Westbury at Costco
Book Signing Tonight and Thursday
"Why I cancelled the ""great debate""......"
The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower right now.
"My new book ""Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again"" is now available in stores and online. Get your own copy signed by me Friday December 9th at 11am at Trump Tower in New York City. Books on sale at 9am."
"I would like to congratulate Trump SoHo
Want to know what is the worst kind of employee? Watch today's video blog.
"Trump International Hotel Waikiki Beach Walk recently celebrated it's 2nd anniversary
President Obama is very inconsiderate.
"Tune in this Thursday morning at 6 AM EST.
"My thoughts on why President Obama will attack Iran
My dream to build the world's greatest golf course in Scotland has been realized.  The setting is unlike any other and the course undeniably sets a new standard in golf course design.
My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's video blog.
"Obama's mic
Watch my daughter Ivanka Trump's video blog on her Facebook page.
"One of the many stories covered in my upcoming book ""Time To Get Tough"" is the night of the White House Correspondents' Dinner."
See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's video blog.
Is Jon Stewart a racist? Includes clip.
My thoughts on Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa.
Watch what I have to say about Iran and Iraq.
"Tonight at 8:00PM EST on QVC
"My thoughts on Gadhafi's death
My thoughts on President Obama's campaign.
"Don't miss my upcoming interviews
My new book Midas Touch is available in stores now.
Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 1AM EST
More Tweets Answered. 1- The last time we had a real leader. 2- China.
Tweets answered. 1- Herman Cain 2- Why it is important to have a leader with business experience. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SU9B6f1OrY
"My son Eric held the 5th annual Eric Trump Foundation fund raising event earlier this month at Trump National Golf Club in Westchester New York
I'm thrilled that my new tailored clothing line for men has officially launched at Macy's. The collection offers some great suiting options for the Fall. Be the first to check out the new line on Macys.com and at select Macy's stores.
"My daughter Ivanka is not only a brilliant businesswoman; she's also an incredibly talented fashion designer. Her exclusive lines of jewelry
"I'm thrilled to be in Australia where over 20
My thoughts about the Emmy awards program.
I will be appearing at Macy's Herald Square tomorrow at 5:30 to introduce the new Trump Home crystal line. The collection is something very special and the designs are spectacular.
One of my favorite tennis players should get a lot more credit.
Watch the Miss Universe pageant tonight live from Brazil at 9:00 on NBC.
The former Vice President gets very malicious in his new book.
Hurricane News and reimbursement from Libya.
"I'm very proud of my son Eric's charitable foundation benefiting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  In just a few short years
I don't understand why our leaders help the rebels in Libya without making a deal first. What are we getting in return?
"I had a fantastic interview with Governor Mike Huckabee for his show
"Rapper Mac Miller is becoming famous for his rap song ""Donald Trump"" with over 20 million views."
I recently took delivery of my new private jet. I replaced my Boeing 727 with a larger Boeing 757 custom designed with the Trump touch. It's truly a magnificent aircraft.
Now China is stealing from us. We need to get tough and send them a bill!
"Squandering money on useless projects. Waste is waste
Who I liked in the Republican debate.
A lot of people are asking me what to do when our country's economy is so bad.
"Thank you Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza
Who do I think would make the best Republican candidate?
"My 'From The Desk Of"" video log has become so popular that people are sending me comments on the desk itself."
Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 1am.  I'm so proud of her.
I'm outraged by what the criminal justice system won't do to the mass murderer in Norway and by what they did do to Amanda Knox in Italy.
"As I see it the Republicans have a choice
I don't understand what the Republicans are afraid of. They have an incredible opportunity to straighten out our country's financial mess and they don't seem to realize it.
Congratulations to the fantastic Trump Hotel Collection.  Both Trump International Hotel & Tower in New York and in Chicago are in the Top 10 Best Hotels in the U.S.  Great accolades for two of our spectacular hotels.
"What are the Republicans doing in the debt ceiling negotiations? Although they hold all the cards
"Last week
I am so proud of Derek Jeter – what a spectacular champion!  I'll tell you what I would have done if I caught Jeter's 3000th ball and my thoughts on something I am not so proud of…the national debt!
I recently purchased one of the greatest pieces of property in Virginia with one of the largest wineries in America. My son Eric is now in charge of the Eric Trump Winery where he will be producing outstanding vintages from this magnificent vineyard.
"The 2011 MISS USA PAGEANT airs live from Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas this Sunday night at 9:00PM ET on NBC. This year's show will be hosted by Giuliana Rancic and Bravo's Andy Cohen and for the first time in pageant history
Trump Golf combines my passion for the real estate business with my love of the game. My incredible portfolio of 10 extraordinary golf courses around the world is truly special and something that I'm very proud of. My one public course is just south of Los Angeles right on the coastline of the Pacific Ocean.
Something that I agree with President Obama on.
Some of the political circumstances that led to my recent decision not to run for President.
My thoughts regarding the mess Congressman Anthony Weiner got himself into.
Sarah Palin came by my office and we went out for pizza to discuss the economy and other concerns about our country. She's a terrific woman.
The Miss USA contestants dropped by my office this week to say hello. I'll be bringing you the pageant live from Las Vegas on NBC June 19th.
This has been a very difficult decision to make and I want to sincerely thank my Facebook fans for their fantastic support.
"With one week left until the live finale
I've been very busy with political engagements and had another opportunity to speak in New Hampshire that was very well received. The core issues I'm addressing are really resonating with the public.
My numbers in the polls continue to be fantastic. Now Bill O'Reilly has me up against Mitt Romney on his poll center page.
"I want to personally congratulate President Obama and the men women of the Armed Forces for a job very well done. I am so proud to see Americans standing shoulder to shoulder
 but in remembrance of those who lost their lives on 9/11 and those fighting for our freedom. God Bless America"
"I'm thrilled that I was able to get President Obama to finally release his birth certificate yesterday. Now we can move on to the important issues facing our country like oil
"Three of my wonderful children work for the company. They are incredibly talented
"My thoughts on Medicare
My thoughts on the Tea Party following my speech in Boca Raton.
The response to my interview with Sean Hannity has been terrific and I'll be speaking this Saturday in Boca Raton.
I had a great  conversation today with Sean Hannity that will air tonight and tomorrow night on Fox News at 9 p.m.  Don't miss it.
Another tough decision on Celebrity Apprentice. I never like firing good people but sometimes they leave me with no other choice.
"I hope you watched my interview this morning on the Today show
Everyone is talking about the Meatloaf meltdown on Celebrity Apprentice last Sunday. There's never been anything like it on the show but that was tame compared to what's coming up between Star and NeNe.
There's been a phenomenal response to my conversation with Bill O'Reilly last night. Don't miss part two tonight at 8EST on Fox.
"Bill O'Reilly asked me to come on his show to discuss 2012
Sometimes it's just your attitude that can get you fired. What do you think of last night's decision?
"I just got off the phone with the Executive Management Team at The Trump Network. We're doing really well and we're going to continue to do well.  It's all about people
How I deal with someone like Qaddafi.
"The worst commercial on television and the fantastic ratings from Comedy Central's ""Roast of Trump"" show last week."
"Is it the ""State of the Union""
A few thoughts about the outcome of last night's Celebrity Apprentice and the importance of staying focused.
"Today I'd like to share my thoughts on the terrible situation in Japan
"If you think it's tough in the boardroom
I have a few comments about Lisa Rinna and why I decided that she should be fired. After hearing my explanation do you agree with my decision?
"Meet the master designer behind more than half of my successful golf courses: Tom Fazio.  Hear how our relationship began and find out what Tom thinks about our collaboration on an-new Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf tonight at 9PM ET only on Golf Channel.  Have you ever played any of my courses? If so
"My thoughts on the firing of Charlie Sheen
Hear the reasons why I fired David Cassidy and about the fantastic ratings from the season premiere of The Celebrity Apprentice.
The season premiere of The Celebrity Apprentice airs tonight on NBC at 9/8 central. I've assembled an amazing cast and there are lots of fireworks and major drama.  The reviews have been fantastic and I promise you will be thoroughly entertained.
"I've already received thousands of questions from Americans concerned about the state of our country. In today's video post
I'm shocked at the situation in Libya. Thousands of people are being slaughtered and our country should be taking immediate actions to stop the carnage. You can hear what I would do in today's video post. Keep sending me your questions on Twitter http://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump and I'll keep posting my opinions.
"As interest in my possible presidential run continues to grow
"In addition to overseeing real estate and hotel development
I was honored to speak at the CPAC (Conservative Political Action Conference) in Washington DC yesterday where I received a fantastic response on my potential candidacy for President and my ideas to rebuild our country.
"Don't miss Oprah this Monday.  The show is entitled ""Fascinating Families"" and  it's the first time ever that I've had my entire family together for a sit down interview. I can assure you that it's a captivating
"My wife Melania Trump is appearing on QVC tonight from 11PM-1AM and again on Monday morning from 10AM-11AM to debut the new ""Melania® Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry Collection"". She's a great designer and has done a fantastic job on the new line."
The people at the www.shouldtrumprun.com have got it right!  How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries when they have no environmental restrictions!  America's workers need us.
"Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31st at 9pm ET.  The best golf program on television
It's hard to believe that Larry King is about to hang up his suspenders. He's a great friend of mine and a true television legend. Tune in for his last show tonight on CNN at 9pm ET/6pm PT. It's going to be a fantastic farewell.
"I am pleased to announce that all five hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's ""World's Best Awards 2011.""  This is an unprecedented honor. Take the survey and you'll be entered to win a $10
"Tonight is the Apprentice finale on NBC. It's a fantastic episode with the great Liza Minnelli performing and I'll decide who will be my new Apprentice. Cast your vote now for Clint or Brandy on Ivanka's ""Must Watch"" Facebook tab http://on.fb.me/9pon1x"
"In case you missed ""Titans"" on CNBC last night
"China Part 3: There have been sharp comments about the Fed's actions from not only China but Germany
"China Part 2: When people soon have to start paying $25 for a loaf of bread or $10 for a Hershey's candy bar
"China Part 1: President Obama has fallen into the Chinese trap. Rather than taxing Chinese products due to their manipulation of the Chinese currency in order to make their products cheaper to Americans
"Watch part 2 of my conversation with Greta Van Susteren to hear more of my views on some of the most important economic issues facing our country including jobs
"Find out what I had to say about the state of our economy ""On the Record"" with Greta Van Susteren."
"Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf show tonight on the Golf Channel. The one hour special is solely dedicated to Trump International Golf Links of Scotland
"Which famous leader would you like to work for? That's the question posed by HR solutions company Adecco
"Last week was a real dog fight between the men and it was very tough deciding who should be fired. Think you could do better? Join us in the boardroom on Ivanka's behind the scenes Facebook tab ""Must Watch"" to pick who you think I should hire or fire then decide which team you'd want to be on."
Don't forget to tune in to NBC tonight for another action packed episode of The Apprentice. Who do you think has what it takes to go all the way?
"I'm very excited about the return of 'The Apprentice' premiering on Thursday
"Congratulations to Miss Mexico
It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas on Monday night! Watch the Miss Universe pageant August 23rd live on NBC at 9 pm!
Response to the Sheep for Hire contest has been phenomenal. Friday is the last day to submit your ideas so go to the Serta Mattress Facebook page right now to enter. You could win a trip to the spectacular Trump International Hotel Las Vegas below.
I put the Serta Counting Sheep out of business and so I'm helping them get back to work.  I need ideas!  Enter the Sheep for Hire Serta Mattress contest and win a trip to the fabulous Trump International Hotel Las Vegas.
"It's a great honor to be receiving the 2010 Humanitarian Award from the HollyRod Foundation this Saturday night in Beverly Hills. Founded by Holly Robinson Peete
George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend.  He understood winning better than anybody. There will never be anyone like him in New York.  The country has lost a truly great man.
I'm proud to announce that Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago has been named the #1 Hotel in America by Travel & Leisure. The magnificent 92 story tower is the crown jewel of Chicago and well deserves to be rated the greatest hotel in the country. The announcement was made on NBC's the Today Show.
Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day. We have a lot to be thankful for.
Great article in The Wall Street Journal on Trump Golf and a few insights about my golf game.
Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Relief Telethon. Over $1.3 million was raised in just 2 hours.
"I'm looking forward to tonight's telethon on CNN.  The celebrity line-up is fantastic and the show should be a great success. Check out Global Disaster Relief on Facebook where close to 520
"On Monday night
"Tune into CNN Saturday night at 9PM when I get to turn the tables and interview Larry King on the 25th anniversary of the Larry King Live show. It's going to be a very special evening talking about his favorite moments
What a fantastic finale!  Two great competitors and a very emotional ending. Congratulations to Bret and Holly for making it to the final and bringing tremendous benefit to their favorite charities.  Voice your opinion on Ivanka's Much Watch Facebook page below and get ready for the return of the original Apprentice next season.
"Last week's Celebrity Apprentice was one of the toughest decisions I've had to make in the history of the show. The final competitors were all great and now it's down to the final two. Who would you hire? Make your choice now on the new Ivanka Trump Facebook ""Must Watch"" tab and tune in Sunday night on NBC for the exciting live finale."
"Tara Connor
Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9:00PM Eastern where she is debuting her new jewelry collection.
"The '2010 MISS USA® PAGEANT' will be broadcast live from Las Vegas
"Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight
I am deeply saddened to hear about Bret Michaels and my thoughts and prayers are with him and his family at this time. He's a great competitor and champion and I hope he will be fine.
"How would you like to play golf with President Clinton? The winning bidder in Christies Green Auction
"Like a good fight? If you are as big a fight fan as I am
This Saturday is the last chance to try out for the next season of The Apprentice.  This is an open casting call in Los Angeles starting at 8AM. The crowds have been huge so arrive early and bring your completed application; only the first 500 will receive wristbands for interviews. Location and application information below.
"This is a terrific day for downtown New York.  The grand opening of Trump SoHo
Do you think Tiger can handle the pressure and win this weekend?  The ratings are going to be phenomenal and don't forget to watch my new celebrity golf show premiering Monday on Golf Channel.  Check out the preview where sports superstars and celebrities alike compete for their favorite charity.
"Fantastic turn out in New York for The Apprentice open casting call. The next opportunity is Wednesday
"New Yorkers
"Thousands have asked
"I'm proud to report that the extraordinary Trump Hotel Collection has received multiple nominations this year by Condo Nast
"After tremendous demand
The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start—the premiere swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic. The first firing was a really tough choice and this season's celebrities are the most focused and competitive I've seen yet.  Don't miss round two this Sunday night on NBC.
"It's time to pick your favorites. The battle begins Sunday night featuring Cyndi Lauper
"Just five more days until the season premiere of The Celebrity Apprentice
"Many people have been calling to thank me for having Andrea Bocelli perform at the ballroom at Mar-a-Lago on Sunday. He was fantastic
"While she needs no introduction
"In case you missed it
Donald Trump will be appearing today on CNN International's 'Connect the World' as 'Connector of the Day'. Submit your question for Mr. Trump here: http://bit.ly/bPiP7T
"Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition. The Colts and Saints are already champions
"The Golf Channel & Donald J. Trump's Fabulous World of Golf host a Celebrity Golf Match on Monday
"-- Want to be a Tycoon?  Now you can test your ability to make a fortune with my brand new game App - Trump Tycoon. Enter the 3D world of high stakes real estate where the goal of the game is to increase your net worth by buying
"Prepare for battle. Celebrity Apprentice will return to NBC on Sunday
"From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday season and a very happy
-- Trump International Hotel & Tower in Chicago has been ranked the sixth tallest building in the world by The Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat http://bit.ly/sqvQq
Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!
"--From Donald Trump: ""I have recently received several letters from
 Think Like
a Champion. One of them mentioned that this book should be in every
college around the world. It is a great feeling to be an inspiration
TRUMP: Think Like a Champion
"--We're very pleased to announce that work has begun
"--From Donald Trump: ""Ivanka and Jared's wedding was spectacular
"Hear Donald Trump discuss big government spending
-- Watch a video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on Good Morning America: http://tinyurl.com/yk6hlfo
"- Read Donald Trump's comments about Ivanka's upcoming new book
- Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success: http://tinyurl.com/mcn8yl
"- Watch more DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and ""Double Trump"" and enter the Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes: http://www.nabiscoworld.com/oreo/dsrl/home.aspx"
- Donald Trump is pleased to announce his intent to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League. Check out facebook.com/Oreo to see what's next for the DSRL: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzMp0opFRhI
"- Be sure to tune in and watch the 58th Annual Miss Universe competition LIVE from Atlantis
"- In case you missed it
- You can now follow Ivanka on Twitter @ http://twitter.com/IvankaTrump
- Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog: http://tinyurl.com/n5468r
Take a look at Donald Trump's List of Books for Summer Reading at the Trump University Blog: http://tinyurl.com/knyswt
"- Congratulations to all the winners of the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book and keychain contest - We received thousands of entries from all over the world and your enthusiastic support is very appreciated: http://tinyurl.com/pqpfvm"
-- Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N.J. Lieutenant Governor: http://tinyurl.com/mvovzb
- Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it!
- Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record: http://tinyurl.com/mmjked
"Statement from Donald Trump regarding Michael Jackson: ""He was a great guy
- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday!
"SF Chronicle (06-15) 19:06 PDT -- ""David Beckham was one of the first
- Thanks to all for the thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
- Today is Donald Trump's Birthday! Please post a comment if you'd like to send a B'day wish - We'd love to hear from you - Thanks!
"- This is the last week to enter the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book and keychain contest: http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/contest/"
"Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:
iGoogle - Showcase: Donald Trump
-- Read four excerpts from Donald Trump's new book Think Like A Champion @ http://www.trumpthinklikeachampion.com/excerpts.php
"Enter the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book and keychain contest:
TRUMP: Think Like a Champion
- Congratulations Joan Rivers - The New Celebrity Apprentice!
"- Who do you think is going to be The Celebrity Apprentice
- Watch Donald Trump read the Top Ten List on The Late Show with David Letterman: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmMkZD4VcNQ&feature=fvsr
- Watch Donald Trump tomorrow morning on The View!
- Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight!
- Do you think Joan Rivers will return to The Celebrity Apprentice tonight?
"Watch an interview with Donald Trump on CNBC:
Trump: An 'Amazing' Time To Buy Real Estate - Financials * US * News * Story - CNBC.com
- Watch an interview with Donald Trump on CNN: http://tinyurl.com/cascqj
- Who do you hope gets fired from Celebrity Apprentice tonight?
"Read a Q&A with Donald Trump @ Time.com: http://www.time.com/time/arts/article/0
"- Take the ""Champion Challenge"" for a chance to win a signed copy of Think Like A Champion by Donald J. Trump: http://tinyurl.com/championchallenge"
"- Check out the official website for Donald Trump's new book
- Who do you think will be fired on Celebrity Apprentice tonight?
Follow Donald J. Trump on Twitter: http://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump
Watch Donald J. Trump on Larry King Live: http://www.cnn.com/video/#/video/bestoftv/2009/04/16/lkl.donald.trump.cnn
Watch Donald Trump on Good Morning America: http://abcnews.go.com/Video/playerIndex?id=7331388
